Anonyme - Deviens ce que tu es
Helen Rowland - You will never win if you never begin.
Helen Rowland - A man never knows how to say goodbye; a woman never knows when to say it.
Helen Rowland - A bride at her second marriage does not wear a veil. She wants to see what she is getting.
Helen Rowland - Jealousy is the tie that binds, and binds, and binds.
Helen Rowland - Home is any four walls that enclose the right person.
Helen Rowland - A bachelor never quite gets over the idea that he is a thing of beauty and a boy forever.
Helen Rowland - In olden times sacrifices were made at the altar - a practice which is still continued.
Helen Rowland - The hardest task in a girl's life is to prove to a man that his intentions are serious.
Helen Rowland - Somehow a bachelor never quite gets over the idea that he is a thing of beauty and a boy forever.
Helen Rowland - The tenderest spot in a man's make-up is sometimes the bald spot on top of his head.
H. G. Wells - If you fell down yesterday, stand up today.
H. G. Wells - Affliction comes to us, not to make us sad but sober; not to make us sorry but wise.
H. G. Wells - Adapt or perish, now as ever, is nature's inexorable imperative.
H. G. Wells - Every time I see an adult on a bicycle, I no longer despair for the future of the human race.
H. G. Wells - What really matters is what you do with what you have.
H. G. Wells - Moral indignation is jealousy with a halo.
H. G. Wells - Nothing leads so straight to futility as literary ambitions without systematic knowledge.
H. G. Wells - The path of least resistance is the path of the loser.
H. G. Wells - Human history in essence is the history of ideas.
H. G. Wells - Beauty is in the heart of the beholder.
Abraham Lincoln - Nearly all men can stand adversity, but if you want to test a man's character, give him power.
Abraham Lincoln - No man has a good enough memory to be a successful liar.
Abraham Lincoln - Better to remain silent and be thought a fool than to speak out and remove all doubt.
Abraham Lincoln - All that I am, or hope to be, I owe to my angel mother.
Abraham Lincoln - You cannot escape the responsibility of tomorrow by evading it today.
Abraham Lincoln - Be sure you put your feet in the right place, then stand firm.
Abraham Lincoln - When I do good, I feel good. When I do bad, I feel bad. That's my religion.
Abraham Lincoln - Things may come to those who wait, but only the things left by those who hustle.
Abraham Lincoln - Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other.
Abraham Lincoln - If this is coffee, please bring me some tea; but if this is tea, please bring me some coffee.
Lao Tzu - Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength, while loving someone deeply gives you courage.
Lao Tzu - The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step.
Lao Tzu - A good traveler has no fixed plans, and is not intent on arriving.
Lao Tzu - Silence is a source of great strength.
Lao Tzu - Nothing is softer or more flexible than water, yet nothing can resist it.
Lao Tzu - When the best leader's work is done the people say, 'We did it ourselves.'
Lao Tzu - If you do not change direction, you may end up where you are heading.
Lao Tzu - The key to growth is the introduction of higher dimensions of consciousness into our awareness.
Lao Tzu - Life and death are one thread, the same line viewed from different sides.
Lao Tzu - Music in the soul can be heard by the universe.
Confucius - It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop.
Confucius - Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated.
Confucius - Choose a job you love, and you will never have to work a day in your life.
Confucius - Wherever you go, go with all your heart.
Confucius - Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.
Confucius - Real knowledge is to know the extent of one's ignorance.
Confucius - Silence is a true friend who never betrays.
Confucius - Wisdom, compassion, and courage are the three universally recognized moral qualities of men.
Confucius - He who learns but does not think, is lost! He who thinks but does not learn is in great danger.
Confucius - Everything has beauty, but not everyone sees it.
Mark Twain - The secret of getting ahead is getting started.
Mark Twain - I don't like to commit myself about heaven and hell - you see, I have friends in both places.
Mark Twain - Kindness is the language which the deaf can hear and the blind can see.
Mark Twain - All you need in this life is ignorance and confidence, and then success is sure.
Mark Twain - My mother had a great deal of trouble with me, but I think she enjoyed it.
Mark Twain - You can't depend on your eyes when your imagination is out of focus.
Mark Twain - Patriotism is supporting your country all the time, and your government when it deserves it.
Mark Twain - Get your facts first, then you can distort them as you please.
Mark Twain - Go to Heaven for the climate, Hell for the company.
Mark Twain - Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to pause and reflect.
Mahatma Gandhi - The weak can never forgive. Forgiveness is the attribute of the strong.
Mahatma Gandhi - Prayer is the key of the morning and the bolt of the evening.
Mahatma Gandhi - The best way to find yourself is to lose yourself in the service of others.
Mahatma Gandhi - Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever.
Mahatma Gandhi - You must be the change you wish to see in the world.
Mahatma Gandhi - First they ignore you, then they laugh at you, then they fight you, then you win.
Mahatma Gandhi - It is health that is real wealth and not pieces of gold and silver.
Mahatma Gandhi - Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony.
Mahatma Gandhi - A nation's culture resides in the hearts and in the soul of its people.
Mahatma Gandhi - Satisfaction lies in the effort, not in the attainment, full effort is full victory.
Buddha - Health is the greatest gift, contentment the greatest wealth, faithfulness the best relationship.
Buddha - Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment.
Buddha - What we think, we become.
Buddha - Three things cannot be long hidden: the sun, the moon, and the truth.
Buddha - No one saves us but ourselves. No one can and no one may. We ourselves must walk the path.
Buddha - Just as a candle cannot burn without fire, men cannot live without a spiritual life.
Buddha - You will not be punished for your anger, you will be punished by your anger.
Buddha - Those who are free of resentful thoughts surely find peace.
Buddha - You, yourself, as much as anybody in the entire universe, deserve your love and affection.
Buddha - The mind is everything. What you think you become.
Oscar Wilde - Keep love in your heart. A life without it is like a sunless garden when the flowers are dead.
Oscar Wilde - Men always want to be a woman's first love - women like to be a man's last romance.
Oscar Wilde - If you are not too long, I will wait here for you all my life.
Oscar Wilde - Success is a science; if you have the conditions, you get the result.
Oscar Wilde - Experience is simply the name we give our mistakes.
Oscar Wilde - I can resist everything except temptation.
Oscar Wilde - Women are made to be loved, not understood.
Oscar Wilde - Memory... is the diary that we all carry about with us.
Oscar Wilde - True friends stab you in the front.
Oscar Wilde - A gentleman is one who never hurts anyone's feelings unintentionally.
William Shakespeare - Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none.
William Shakespeare - A fool thinks himself to be wise, but a wise man knows himself to be a fool.
William Shakespeare - They do not love that do not show their love.
William Shakespeare - We know what we are, but know not what we may be.
William Shakespeare - If music be the food of love, play on.
William Shakespeare - It is not in the stars to hold our destiny but in ourselves.
William Shakespeare - No legacy is so rich as honesty.
William Shakespeare - There is nothing either good or bad but thinking makes it so.
William Shakespeare - When a father gives to his son, both laugh; when a son gives to his father, both cry.
William Shakespeare - What's in a name? That which we call a rose by any other name would smell as sweet.
A. P. J. Abdul Kalam - Let us sacrifice our today so that our children can have a better tomorrow.
A. P. J. Abdul Kalam - If you want to shine like a sun, first burn like a sun.
A. P. J. Abdul Kalam - We should not give up and we should not allow the problem to defeat us.
A. P. J. Abdul Kalam - To succeed in your mission, you must have single-minded devotion to your goal.
A. P. J. Abdul Kalam - You have to dream before your dreams can come true.
A. P. J. Abdul Kalam - Science is a beautiful gift to humanity; we should not distort it.
A. P. J. Abdul Kalam - The bird is powered by its own life and by its motivation.
A. P. J. Abdul Kalam - Man needs his difficulties because they are necessary to enjoy success.
A. P. J. Abdul Kalam - You see, God helps only people who work hard. That principle is very clear.
A. P. J. Abdul Kalam - Excellence is a continuous process and not an accident.
Albert Einstein - Look deep into nature, and then you will understand everything better.
Albert Einstein - Try not to become a man of success, but rather try to become a man of value.
Albert Einstein - Joy in looking and comprehending is nature's most beautiful gift.
Albert Einstein - If the facts don't fit the theory, change the facts.
Albert Einstein - Whoever is careless with the truth in small matters cannot be trusted with important matters.
Albert Einstein - The true sign of intelligence is not knowledge but imagination.
Albert Einstein - Education is what remains after one has forgotten what one has learned in school.
Albert Einstein - We cannot solve our problems with the same thinking we used when we created them.
Albert Einstein - Insanity: doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results.
Albert Einstein - Peace cannot be kept by force; it can only be achieved by understanding.
Winston Churchill - Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.
Winston Churchill - Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference.
Winston Churchill - I may be drunk, Miss, but in the morning I will be sober and you will still be ugly.
Winston Churchill - Never, never, never give up.
Winston Churchill - Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm.
Winston Churchill - If you're going through hell, keep going.
Winston Churchill - Continuous effort - not strength or intelligence - is the key to unlocking our potential.
Winston Churchill - My most brilliant achievement was my ability to be able to persuade my wife to marry me.
Winston Churchill - You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life.
Winston Churchill - We make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we give.
Benjamin Franklin - An investment in knowledge pays the best interest.
Benjamin Franklin - Tell me and I forget. Teach me and I remember. Involve me and I learn.
Benjamin Franklin - Well done is better than well said.
Benjamin Franklin - We are all born ignorant, but one must work hard to remain stupid.
Benjamin Franklin - Wine is constant proof that God loves us and loves to see us happy.
Benjamin Franklin - Either write something worth reading or do something worth writing.
Benjamin Franklin - Early to bed and early to rise makes a man healthy, wealthy and wise.
Benjamin Franklin - When in doubt, don't.
Benjamin Franklin - Beware of little expenses. A small leak will sink a great ship.
Benjamin Franklin - By failing to prepare, you are preparing to fail.
Bruce Lee - If you love life, don't waste time, for time is what life is made up of.
Bruce Lee - Knowledge will give you power, but character respect.
Bruce Lee - Mistakes are always forgivable, if one has the courage to admit them.
Bruce Lee - A wise man can learn more from a foolish question than a fool can learn from a wise answer.
Bruce Lee - If you spend too much time thinking about a thing, you'll never get it done.
Bruce Lee - The less effort, the faster and more powerful you will be.
Bruce Lee - A goal is not always meant to be reached, it often serves simply as something to aim at.
Bruce Lee - To hell with circumstances; I create opportunities.
Bruce Lee - As you think, so shall you become.
Bruce Lee - Obey the principles without being bound by them.
Blaise Pascal - Nature is an infinite sphere of which the center is everywhere and the circumference nowhere.
Blaise Pascal - Love has reasons which reason cannot understand.
Blaise Pascal - Kind words do not cost much. Yet they accomplish much.
Blaise Pascal - Noble deeds that are concealed are most esteemed.
Blaise Pascal - All men's miseries derive from not being able to sit in a quiet room alone.
Blaise Pascal - The eternal silence of these infinite spaces frightens me.
Blaise Pascal - The least movement is of importance to all nature. The entire ocean is affected by a pebble.
Blaise Pascal - We sail within a vast sphere, ever drifting in uncertainty, driven from end to end.
Blaise Pascal - Small minds are concerned with the extraordinary, great minds with the ordinary.
Blaise Pascal - The heart has its reasons of which reason knows nothing.
C. S. Lewis - Education without values, as useful as it is, seems rather to make man a more clever devil.
C. S. Lewis - Courage is not simply one of the virtues, but the form of every virtue at the testing point.
C. S. Lewis - Joy is the serious business of Heaven.
C. S. Lewis - We must show our Christian colors if we are to be true to Jesus Christ.
C. S. Lewis - Aim at heaven and you will get earth thrown in. Aim at earth and you get neither.
C. S. Lewis - The task of the modern educator is not to cut down jungles, but to irrigate deserts.
C. S. Lewis - An explanation of cause is not a justification by reason.
C. S. Lewis - Reason is the natural order of truth; but imagination is the organ of meaning.
C. S. Lewis - You can't get a cup of tea big enough or a book long enough to suit me.
C. S. Lewis - We are what we believe we are.
Charles Dickens - It was the best of times, it was the worst of times.
Charles Dickens - There are dark shadows on the earth, but its lights are stronger in the contrast.
Charles Dickens - The pain of parting is nothing to the joy of meeting again.
Charles Dickens - Have a heart that never hardens, and a temper that never tires, and a touch that never hurts.
Charles Dickens - A loving heart is the truest wisdom.
Charles Dickens - It is a melancholy truth that even great men have their poor relations.
Charles Dickens - I only ask to be free. The butterflies are free.
Charles Dickens - There is nothing so strong or safe in an emergency of life as the simple truth.
Charles Dickens - We forge the chains we wear in life.
Charles Dickens - There are only two styles of portrait painting; the serious and the smirk.
Dalai Lama - Calm mind brings inner strength and self-confidence, so that's very important for good health.
Dalai Lama - Be kind whenever possible. It is always possible.
Dalai Lama - In order to carry a positive action we must develop here a positive vision.
Dalai Lama - Love and compassion are necessities, not luxuries. Without them humanity cannot survive.
Dalai Lama - Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions.
Dalai Lama - Sleep is the best meditation.
Dalai Lama - I find hope in the darkest of days, and focus in the brightest. I do not judge the universe.
Dalai Lama - When you practice gratefulness, there is a sense of respect toward others.
Dalai Lama - If you want others to be happy, practice compassion. If you want to be happy, practice compassion.
Dalai Lama - My religion is very simple. My religion is kindness.
Dale Carnegie - Happiness doesn't depend on any external conditions, it is governed by our mental attitude.
Dale Carnegie - If you want to conquer fear, don't sit home and think about it. Go out and get busy.
Dale Carnegie - Our fatigue is often caused not by work, but by worry, frustration and resentment.
Dale Carnegie - Success is getting what you want. Happiness is wanting what you get.
Dale Carnegie - The successful man will profit from his mistakes and try again in a different way.
Dale Carnegie - When fate hands you a lemon, make lemonade.
Dale Carnegie - People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing.
Dale Carnegie - The royal road to a man's heart is to talk to him about the things he treasures most.
Dale Carnegie - Most of us have far more courage than we ever dreamed we possessed.
Dale Carnegie - If you want to gather honey, don't kick over the beehive.
Dan Quayle - It's a question of whether we're going to go forward into the future, or past to the back.
Dan Quayle - It's a very good historical book about history.
Dan Quayle - It's wonderful to be here in the great state of Chicago.
Dan Quayle - The future will be better tomorrow.
Dan Quayle - If we don't succeed we run the risk of failure.
Dan Quayle - What you guys want, I'm for.
Dan Quayle - For NASA, space is still a high priority.
Dan Quayle - I couldn't help but be impressed by the magnitude of the earthquake.
Dan Quayle - This election is about who's going to be the next President of the United States!
Dan Quayle - In George Bush you get experience, and with me you get - The Future!
Dante Alighieri - Heat cannot be separated from fire, or beauty from The Eternal.
Dante Alighieri - Beauty awakens the soul to act.
Dante Alighieri - I wept not, so to stone within I grew.
Dante Alighieri - Pride, envy, avarice - these are the sparks have set on fire the hearts of all men.
Dante Alighieri - A mighty flame followeth a tiny spark.
Dante Alighieri - The sad souls of those who lived without blame and without praise.
Dante Alighieri - There is no greater sorrow than to recall happiness in times of misery.
Dante Alighieri - The more perfect a thing is, the more susceptible to good and bad treatment it is.
Dante Alighieri - Follow your own star!
Dante Alighieri - The customs and fashions of men change like leaves on the bough, some of which go and others come.
David Bowie - I don't know where I'm going from here, but I promise it won't be boring.
David Bowie - I'm not a prophet or a stone aged man, just a mortal with potential of a superman. I'm living on.
David Bowie - I don't see any boundaries between any of the art forms. I think they all inter-relate completely.
David Bowie - I always had a repulsive need to be something more than human.
David Bowie - Fame can take interesting men and thrust mediocrity upon them.
David Bowie - Tomorrow belongs to those who can hear it coming.
David Bowie - I believe that I often bring out the best in somebody's talents.
David Bowie - I find only freedom in the realms of eccentricity.
David Bowie - Sometimes you stumble across a few chords that put you in a reflective place.
David Bowie - I went through all the musicians in my life who I admire as bright, intelligent, virtuosic players.
Deepak Chopra - In the midst of movement and chaos, keep stillness inside of you.
Deepak Chopra - Always go with your passions. Never ask yourself if it's realistic or not.
Deepak Chopra - Life gives you plenty of time to do whatever you want to do if you stay in the present moment.
Deepak Chopra - We have to really educate ourselves in a way about who we are, what our real identity is.
Deepak Chopra - To think is to practice brain chemistry.
Deepak Chopra - Mature workers are less impulsive, less reactive, more creative and more centered.
Deepak Chopra - The less you open your heart to others, the more your heart suffers.
Deepak Chopra - Victims always feel alone and helpless.
Deepak Chopra - The fear of death comes from limited awareness.
Deepak Chopra - I dislike the word 'self-help.' Self-awareness, yes, but not self-help.
Desmond Tutu - You don't choose your family. They are God's gift to you, as you are to them.
Desmond Tutu - Hope is being able to see that there is light despite all of the darkness.
Desmond Tutu - Forgiveness says you are given another chance to make a new beginning.
Desmond Tutu - We inhabit a universe that is characterized by diversity.
Desmond Tutu - But God can only smile because only God can know what is coming next.
Desmond Tutu - I wish I could shut up, but I can't, and I won't.
Desmond Tutu - If you want peace, you don't talk to your friends. You talk to your enemies.
Desmond Tutu - My humanity is bound up in yours, for we can only be human together.
Desmond Tutu - Exclusion is never the way forward on our shared paths to freedom and justice.
Desmond Tutu - Without forgiveness, there's no future.
Dolly Parton - The way I see it, if you want the rainbow, you gotta put up with the rain.
Dolly Parton - If you don't like the road you're walking, start paving another one.
Dolly Parton - We cannot direct the wind, but we can adjust the sails.
Dolly Parton - Storms make trees take deeper roots.
Dolly Parton - I love to flirt, and I've never met a man I didn't like.
Dolly Parton - I'm an energy vampire. I just suck off everybody's energy. But I give it back.
Dolly Parton - My songs are the door to every dream I've ever had and every success I've ever achieved.
Dolly Parton - It costs a lot of money to look this cheap.
Dolly Parton - I grew up around lots of men - my father, my brothers, my uncles - so I wasn't intimidated by them.
Dolly Parton - I think everyone should be with who they love.
Donald Trump - Sometimes by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war.
Donald Trump - No dream is too big. No challenge is too great. Nothing we want for our future is beyond our reach.
Donald Trump - My whole life is about winning. I don't lose often. I almost never lose.
Donald Trump - You have to think anyway, so why not think big?
Donald Trump - I judge people based on their capability, honesty, and merit.
Donald Trump - When somebody challenges you, fight back. Be brutal, be tough.
Donald Trump - I have a great relationship with the Mexican people.
Donald Trump - I'm the Ernest Hemingway of 140 characters.
Donald Trump - Without passion you don't have energy, with out energy you have nothing.
Donald Trump - I've always said, 'If you need Viagra, you're probably with the wrong girl.'
Douglas Adams - I love deadlines. I like the whooshing sound they make as they fly by.
Douglas Adams - I may not have gone where I intended to go, but I think I have ended up where I intended to be.
Douglas Adams - The knack of flying is learning how to throw yourself at the ground and miss.
Douglas Adams - I'm spending a year dead for tax reasons.
Douglas Adams - This must be Thursday. I never could get the hang of Thursdays.
Douglas Adams - I think fish is nice, but then I think that rain is wet, so who am I to judge?
Douglas Adams - I seldom end up where I wanted to go, but almost always end up where I need to be.
Douglas Adams - After ten years of word processing, I can't even do hand writing anymore.
Douglas Adams - You live and learn. At any rate, you live.
Douglas Adams - He was a dreamer, a thinker, a speculative philosopher... or, as his wife would have it, an idiot.
Douglas Horton - Smile, it's free therapy.
Douglas Horton - While seeking revenge, dig two graves - one for yourself.
Douglas Horton - Drive slow and enjoy the scenery - drive fast and join the scenery.
Douglas Horton - No one can drive us crazy unless we give them the keys.
Douglas Horton - The art of simplicity is a puzzle of complexity.
Douglas Horton - Materialism is the only form of distraction from true bliss.
Douglas Horton - We are all serving a life sentence, and good behavior is our only hope for a pardon.
Douglas Horton - Growing old is not growing up.
Douglas Horton - Boring people are a reflection of boring people.
Douglas Horton - Action cures fear, inaction creates terror.
Douglas MacArthur - You are remembered for the rules you break.
Douglas MacArthur - Old soldiers never die; they just fade away.
Douglas MacArthur - We are not retreating - we are advancing in another direction.
Douglas MacArthur - The best luck of all is the luck you make for yourself.
Douglas MacArthur - Age wrinkles the body. Quitting wrinkles the soul.
Douglas MacArthur - A better world shall emerge based on faith and understanding.
Douglas MacArthur - There is no substitute for victory.
Douglas MacArthur - There is no security on this earth; there is only opportunity.
Douglas MacArthur - In war, you win or lose, live or die - and the difference is just an eyelash.
Douglas MacArthur - A general is just as good or just as bad as the troops under his command make him.
Dr. Seuss - Today you are you! That is truer than true! There is no one alive who is you-er than you!
Dr. Seuss - Don't cry because it's over. Smile because it happened.
Dr. Seuss - From there to here, and here to there, funny things are everywhere.
Dr. Seuss - Step with care and great tact, and remember that Life's a Great Balancing Act.
Dr. Seuss - Today was good. Today was fun. Tomorrow is another one.
Dr. Seuss - I like nonsense; it wakes up the brain cells.
Dr. Seuss - Maybe Christmas, the Grinch thought, doesn't come from a store.
Dr. Seuss - You're never too old, too wacky, too wild, to pick up a book and read to a child.
Dr. Seuss - Unless someone like you cares a whole awful lot, nothing is going to get better. It's not.
Dr. Seuss - Only you can control your future.
Drake - Sometimes it's the journey that teaches you a lot about your destination.
Drake - Jealousy is just love and hate at the same time.
Drake - A relationship can give you a gut wrenching feeling sometimes. It's a real emotional ride.
Drake - I'm not confrontational, but if someone challenges, I'm not going to back down.
Drake - My life is mine to remember.
Drake - When it comes to knowing what to say, to charm, I always had it.
Drake - I'm mischievous, but I'm calculated.
Drake - Kanye West is my favorite artist.
Drake - I'd rather tell you how I really feel.
Drake - It's important for me to let my fans know I really don't care. I'm confident.
Dwight D. Eisenhower - Motivation is the art of getting people to do what you want them to do because they want to do it.
Dwight D. Eisenhower - A people that values its privileges above its principles soon loses both.
Dwight D. Eisenhower - You don't lead by hitting people over the head - that's assault, not leadership.
Dwight D. Eisenhower - In preparing for battle I have always found that plans are useless, but planning is indispensable.
Dwight D. Eisenhower - Peace and justice are two sides of the same coin.
Dwight D. Eisenhower - When you put on a uniform, there are certain inhibitions that you accept.
Dwight D. Eisenhower - Plans are nothing; planning is everything.
Dwight D. Eisenhower - Pessimism never won any battle.
Dwight D. Eisenhower - Some people wanted champagne and caviar when they should have had beer and hot dogs.
Dwight D. Eisenhower - Any man who wants to be president is either an egomaniac or crazy.
Aeschylus - There is no pain so great as the memory of joy in present grief.
Aeschylus - From a small seed a mighty trunk may grow.
Aeschylus - Happiness is a choice that requires effort at times.
Aeschylus - God always strives together with those who strive.
Aeschylus - Everyone's quick to blame the alien.
Aeschylus - Of all the gods only death does not desire gifts.
Aeschylus - There is no sickness worse for me than words that to be kind must lie.
Aeschylus - I know how men in exile feed on dreams.
Aeschylus - To be free from evil thoughts is God's best gift.
Aeschylus - For know that no one is free, except Zeus.
Alan Watts - The only way to make sense out of change is to plunge into it, move with it, and join the dance.
Alan Watts - We cannot be more sensitive to pleasure without being more sensitive to pain.
Alan Watts - No valid plans for the future can be made by those who have no capacity for living now.
Alan Watts - The ego is nothing other than the focus of conscious attention.
Alan Watts - I owe my solitude to other people.
Alan Watts - Saints need sinners.
Alan Watts - Never pretend to a love which you do not actually feel, for love is not ours to command.
Alan Watts - Reality is only a Rorschach ink-blot, you know.
Alan Watts - But at any rate, the point is that God is what nobody admits to being, and everybody really is.
Alan Watts - Trying to define yourself is like trying to bite your own teeth.
Albert Camus - In the depth of winter I finally learned that there was in me an invincible summer.
Albert Camus - Blessed are the hearts that can bend; they shall never be broken.
Albert Camus - Autumn is a second spring when every leaf is a flower.
Albert Camus - Nobody realizes that some people expend tremendous energy merely to be normal.
Albert Camus - Those who lack the courage will always find a philosophy to justify it.
Albert Camus - A man without ethics is a wild beast loosed upon this world.
Albert Camus - Real generosity toward the future lies in giving all to the present.
Albert Camus - To be happy we must not be too concerned with others.
Albert Camus - Nothing is more despicable than respect based on fear.
Albert Camus - At any street corner the feeling of absurdity can strike any man in the face.
Aldous Huxley - There is only one corner of the universe you can be certain of improving, and that's your own self.
Aldous Huxley - There are things known and there are things unknown, and in between are the doors of perception.
Aldous Huxley - To travel is to discover that everyone is wrong about other countries.
Aldous Huxley - Facts do not cease to exist because they are ignored.
Aldous Huxley - Maybe this world is another planet's hell.
Aldous Huxley - After silence, that which comes nearest to expressing the inexpressible is music.
Aldous Huxley - You shall know the truth, and the truth shall make you mad.
Aldous Huxley - Beauty is worse than wine, it intoxicates both the holder and beholder.
Aldous Huxley - Technological progress has merely provided us with more efficient means for going backwards.
Aldous Huxley - Experience teaches only the teachable.
Alexander Hamilton - A promise must never be broken.
Alexander Hamilton - I think the first duty of society is justice.
Alexander Hamilton - A well adjusted person is one who makes the same mistake twice without getting nervous.
Alexander Hamilton - I never expect to see a perfect work from an imperfect man.
Alexander Hamilton - Real firmness is good for anything; strut is good for nothing.
Alexander Hamilton - Even to observe neutrality you must have a strong government.
Alexander Hamilton - The nation which can prefer disgrace to danger is prepared for a master and deserves one.
Alexander Hamilton - It's not tyranny we desire; it's a just, limited, federal government.
Alexander Hamilton - The honor of a nation is its life.
Alexander Hamilton - Learn to think continentally.
Anais Nin - We travel, some of us forever, to seek other states, other lives, other souls.
Anais Nin - We don't see things as they are, we see them as we are.
Anais Nin - What I cannot love, I overlook. Is that real friendship?
Anais Nin - Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage.
Anais Nin - There are many ways to be free. One of them is to transcend reality by imagination, as I try to do.
Anais Nin - Age does not protect you from love. But love, to some extent, protects you from age.
Anais Nin - We write to taste life twice: in the moment and in retrospection.
Anais Nin - The personal life deeply lived always expands into truths beyond itself.
Anais Nin - I postpone death by living, by suffering, by error, by risking, by giving, by losing.
Anais Nin - Do not seek the because - in love there is no because, no reason, no explanation, no solutions.
Andy Warhol - Making money is art and working is art and good business is the best art.
Andy Warhol - They always say time changes things, but you actually have to change them yourself.
Andy Warhol - Isn't life a series of images that change as they repeat themselves?
Andy Warhol - Art is what you can get away with.
Andy Warhol - Everyone needs a fantasy.
Andy Warhol - Being born is like being kidnapped. And then sold into slavery.
Andy Warhol - In the future, everyone will be famous for 15 minutes.
Andy Warhol - Sex is more exciting on the screen and between the pages than between the sheets.
Andy Warhol - If you're not trying to be real, you don't have to get it right. That's art.
Andy Warhol - An artist is somebody who produces things that people don't need to have.
Aristotle - Quality is not an act, it is a habit.
Aristotle - It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light.
Aristotle - The roots of education are bitter, but the fruit is sweet.
Aristotle - Pleasure in the job puts perfection in the work.
Aristotle - It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it.
Aristotle - My best friend is the man who in wishing me well wishes it for my sake.
Aristotle - In all things of nature there is something of the marvelous.
Aristotle - At his best, man is the noblest of all animals; separated from law and justice he is the worst.
Aristotle - The one exclusive sign of thorough knowledge is the power of teaching.
Aristotle - There is no great genius without some touch of madness.
Arnold Schwarzenegger - Just remember, you can't climb the ladder of success with your hands in your pockets.
Arnold Schwarzenegger - Milk is for babies. When you grow up you have to drink beer.
Arnold Schwarzenegger - My body is like breakfast, lunch, and dinner. I don't think about it, I just have it.
Arnold Schwarzenegger - It's simple, if it jiggles, it's fat.
Arnold Schwarzenegger - The future is green energy, sustainability, renewable energy.
Arnold Schwarzenegger - Start wide, expand further, and never look back.
Arnold Schwarzenegger - I saw a woman wearing a sweatshirt with Guess on it. I said, Thyroid problem?
Arnold Schwarzenegger - Failure is not an option. Everyone has to succeed.
Arnold Schwarzenegger - The worst thing I can be is the same as everybody else. I hate that.
Arnold Schwarzenegger - I think that gay marriage should be between a man and a woman.
Arthur Schopenhauer - Talent hits a target no one else can hit; Genius hits a target no one else can see.
Arthur Schopenhauer - Just remember, once you're over the hill you begin to pick up speed.
Arthur Schopenhauer - Great men are like eagles, and build their nest on some lofty solitude.
Arthur Schopenhauer - Men are by nature merely indifferent to one another; but women are by nature enemies.
Arthur Schopenhauer - Wealth is like sea-water; the more we drink, the thirstier we become; and the same is true of fame.
Arthur Schopenhauer - It's the niceties that make the difference fate gives us the hand, and we play the cards.
Arthur Schopenhauer - Satisfaction consists in freedom from pain, which is the positive element of life.
Arthur Schopenhauer - The two enemies of human happiness are pain and boredom.
Arthur Schopenhauer - Politeness is to human nature what warmth is to wax.
Arthur Schopenhauer - Treat a work of art like a prince. Let it speak to you first.
Audrey Hepburn - Nothing is impossible, the word itself says 'I'm possible'!
Audrey Hepburn - The most important thing is to enjoy your life - to be happy - it's all that matters.
Audrey Hepburn - Water is life, and clean water means health.
Audrey Hepburn - Let's face it, a nice creamy chocolate cake does a lot for a lot of people; it does for me.
Audrey Hepburn - Success is like reaching an important birthday and finding you're exactly the same.
Audrey Hepburn - I was born with an enormous need for affection, and a terrible need to give it.
Audrey Hepburn - Everything I learned I learned from the movies.
Audrey Hepburn - If I get married, I want to be very married.
Audrey Hepburn - I don't want to be alone, I want to be left alone.
Audrey Hepburn - I don't believe in collective guilt, but I do believe in collective responsibility.
Ayn Rand - A creative man is motivated by the desire to achieve, not by the desire to beat others.
Ayn Rand - The ladder of success is best climbed by stepping on the rungs of opportunity.
Ayn Rand - The question isn't who is going to let me; it's who is going to stop me.
Ayn Rand - To achieve, you need thought. You have to know what you are doing and that's real power.
Ayn Rand - The man who lets a leader prescribe his course is a wreck being towed to the scrap heap.
Ayn Rand - The truth is not for all men, but only for those who seek it.
Ayn Rand - The hardest thing to explain is the glaringly evident which everybody had decided not to see.
Ayn Rand - Individual rights are the means of subordinating society to moral law.
Ayn Rand - To say 'I love you' one must first be able to say the 'I.'
Ayn Rand - If any civilization is to survive, it is the morality of altruism that men have to reject.
Barack Obama - Money is not the only answer, but it makes a difference.
Barack Obama - That's the good thing about being president, I can do whatever I want.
Barack Obama - There's not a liberal America and a conservative America - there's the United States of America.
Barack Obama - My fellow Americans, we are and always will be a nation of immigrants. We were strangers once, too.
Barack Obama - I just miss - I miss being anonymous.
Barack Obama - I don't oppose all wars. What I am opposed to is a dumb war. What I am opposed to is a rash war.
Barack Obama - Why can't I just eat my waffle?
Barack Obama - People of Berlin - people of the world - this is our moment. This is our time.
Barack Obama - What Washington needs is adult supervision.
Barack Obama - I'm a warrior for the middle class.
Ben Shapiro - Distrust of government isn't baseless cynicism. It's realism.
Ben Shapiro - Matt Damon's anti-fracking diatribe was funded by the royal family of the United Arab Emirates.
Ben Shapiro - Kids are fat because of lack of parenting.
Ben Shapiro - Musicians are, by and large, not the most politically savvy crew.
Ben Shapiro - Google has long been a leftist company.
Ben Shapiro - Bad presidents don't deserve holidays. They deserve scorn.
Ben Shapiro - When a black person kills a black person, the media ignores it completely.
Ben Shapiro - Only reprobates father children and then abandon them.
Ben Shapiro - It took capitalism half a century to come back from the Great Depression.
Ben Shapiro - Vaccinations absolutely work, and have dramatically decreased rates of childhood diseases.
Bertrand Russell - The good life is one inspired by love and guided by knowledge.
Bertrand Russell - The trouble with the world is that the stupid are cocksure and the intelligent are full of doubt.
Bertrand Russell - War does not determine who is right - only who is left.
Bertrand Russell - The world is full of magical things patiently waiting for our wits to grow sharper.
Bertrand Russell - The only thing that will redeem mankind is cooperation.
Bertrand Russell - I would never die for my beliefs because I might be wrong.
Bertrand Russell - Men are born ignorant, not stupid. They are made stupid by education.
Bertrand Russell - To be without some of the things you want is an indispensable part of happiness.
Bertrand Russell - To conquer fear is the beginning of wisdom.
Bertrand Russell - Extreme hopes are born from extreme misery.
Beyonce Knowles - If everything was perfect, you would never learn and you would never grow.
Beyonce Knowles - Power means happiness; power means hard work and sacrifice.
Beyonce Knowles - Whenever I'm confused about something, I ask God to reveal the answers to my questions, and he does.
Beyonce Knowles - I'm a human being and I fall in love and sometimes I don't have control of every situation.
Beyonce Knowles - Y'all are so cute and y'all talk so proper over here. I love England.
Beyonce Knowles - I like to walk around with bare feet and I don't like to comb my hair.
Beyonce Knowles - The more successful I become, the more I need a man.
Beyonce Knowles - If he invited you out, he's got to pay.
Beyonce Knowles - I just hope people don't get sick of us. I'm sick of us and I'm in Destiny's Child.
Beyonce Knowles - I get nervous when I don't get nervous. If I'm nervous I know I'm going to have a good show.
Bhumibol Adulyadej - Nature is something outside our body, but the mind is within us.
Bhumibol Adulyadej - The will to work of everyone in the country is the best guarantee of national survival.
Bhumibol Adulyadej - It is a duty of everyone to cooperate and help each other.
Bhumibol Adulyadej - I have been extremely touched by these signs of affection on the part of all the Thai people.
Bhumibol Adulyadej - I know things, but I shut my mouth. They don't want me to speak, so I don't speak.
Bhumibol Adulyadej - If they want to write about me in a good way, they should write how I do things that are useful.
Bhumibol Adulyadej - Everybody needs to lower his ego.
Bhumibol Adulyadej - It is useless to live on burned ruins.
Bhumibol Adulyadej - Without unity, the country will face disaster.
Bhumibol Adulyadej - The most important thing is you should not be split or fighting each other.
Bill Cosby - Every closed eye is not sleeping, and every open eye is not seeing.
Bill Cosby - I don't know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everybody.
Bill Cosby - A word to the wise ain't necessary - it's the stupid ones that need the advice.
Bill Cosby - The past is a ghost, the future a dream, and all we ever have is now.
Bill Cosby - That married couples can live together day after day is a miracle that the Vatican has overlooked.
Bill Cosby - In order to succeed, your desire for success should be greater than your fear of failure.
Bill Cosby - Gray hair is God's graffiti.
Bill Cosby - Human beings are the only creatures on earth that allow their children to come back home.
Bill Cosby - Decide that you want it more than you are afraid of it.
Bill Cosby - There are some people who have trouble recognizing a mess.
Bill Gates - Success is a lousy teacher. It seduces smart people into thinking they can't lose.
Bill Gates - It's fine to celebrate success but it is more important to heed the lessons of failure.
Bill Gates - The Internet is becoming the town square for the global village of tomorrow.
Bill Gates - We all need people who will give us feedback. That's how we improve.
Bill Gates - Discrimination has a lot of layers that make it tough for minorities to get a leg up.
Bill Gates - Your most unhappy customers are your greatest source of learning.
Bill Gates - Software is a great combination between artistry and engineering.
Bill Gates - As we look ahead into the next century, leaders will be those who empower others.
Bill Gates - Treatment without prevention is simply unsustainable.
Bill Gates - If you can't make it good, at least make it look good.
Billy Graham - A child who is allowed to be disrespectful to his parents will not have true respect for anyone.
Billy Graham - Nothing can bring a real sense of security into the home except true love.
Billy Graham - God has given us two hands, one to receive with and the other to give with.
Billy Graham - Once you've lost your privacy, you realize you've lost an extremely valuable thing.
Billy Graham - Tears shed for self are tears of weakness, but tears shed for others are a sign of strength.
Billy Graham - Auschwitz stands as a tragic reminder of the terrible potential man has for violence and inhumanity.
Billy Graham - A real Christian is a person who can give his pet parrot to the town gossip.
Billy Graham - Every day is a gift from God, no matter how old we are.
Billy Graham - Only those who want everything done for them are bored.
Billy Graham - The most eloquent prayer is the prayer through hands that heal and bless.
Bob Dylan - Take care of all your memories. For you cannot relive them.
Bob Dylan - No one is free, even the birds are chained to the sky.
Bob Dylan - A hero is someone who understands the responsibility that comes with his freedom.
Bob Dylan - Yesterday's just a memory, tomorrow is never what it's supposed to be.
Bob Dylan - A mistake is to commit a misunderstanding.
Bob Dylan - All I can do is be me, whoever that is.
Bob Dylan - I'll let you be in my dreams if I can be in yours.
Bob Dylan - At times in my life the only place I have been happy is when I am on stage.
Bob Dylan - Inspiration is hard to come by. You have to take it where you find it.
Bob Dylan - I can be jubilant one moment and pensive the next, and a cloud could go by and make that happen.
Bob Marley - One good thing about music, when it hits you, you feel no pain.
Bob Marley - Truth is everybody is going to hurt you: you just gotta find the ones worth suffering for.
Bob Marley - The good times of today, are the sad thoughts of tomorrow.
Bob Marley - Don't gain the world and lose your soul; wisdom is better than silver or gold.
Bob Marley - Open your eyes, look within. Are you satisfied with the life you're living?
Bob Marley - In this bright future you can't forget your past.
Bob Marley - None but ourselves can free our minds.
Bob Marley - When you smoke the herb, it reveals you to yourself.
Bob Marley - Get up, stand up, Stand up for your rights. Get up, stand up, Don't give up the fight.
Bob Marley - When one door is closed, don't you know, another is open.
Brene Brown - There is no innovation and creativity without failure. Period.
Brene Brown - You're imperfect, and you're wired for struggle, but you are worthy of love and belonging.
Brene Brown - Vulnerability is not weakness. And that myth is profoundly dangerous.
Brene Brown - Maybe stories are just data with a soul.
Brene Brown - When the people we love stop paying attention, trust begins to slip away and hurt starts seeping in.
Brene Brown - For me, the opposite of scarcity is not abundance. It's enough. I'm enough. My kids are enough.
Brene Brown - Vulnerability is basically uncertainty, risk, and emotional exposure.
Brene Brown - I'm like a recovering perfectionist. For me it's one day at a time.
Brene Brown - Shame is the most powerful, master emotion. It's the fear that we're not good enough.
Brene Brown - The uncertainty of parenting can bring up feelings in us that range from frustration to terror.
Calvin Coolidge - No person was ever honored for what he received. Honor has been the reward for what he gave.
Calvin Coolidge - Don't expect to build up the weak by pulling down the strong.
Calvin Coolidge - It takes a great man to be a good listener.
Calvin Coolidge - Those who trust to chance must abide by the results of chance.
Calvin Coolidge - I have noticed that nothing I never said ever did me any harm.
Calvin Coolidge - Civilization and profit go hand in hand.
Calvin Coolidge - Heroism is not only in the man, but in the occasion.
Calvin Coolidge - The slogan 'press on' has solved and always will solve the problems of the human race.
Calvin Coolidge - When more and more people are thrown out of work, unemployment results.
Calvin Coolidge - We cannot do everything at once, but we can do something at once.
Carl Jung - The word 'happy' would lose its meaning if it were not balanced by sadness.
Carl Jung - Knowing your own darkness is the best method for dealing with the darknesses of other people.
Carl Jung - Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to an understanding of ourselves.
Carl Jung - Children are educated by what the grown-up is and not by his talk.
Carl Jung - Who looks outside, dreams; who looks inside, awakes.
Carl Jung - In all chaos there is a cosmos, in all disorder a secret order.
Carl Jung - There is no birth of consciousness without pain.
Carl Jung - The least of things with a meaning is worth more in life than the greatest of things without it.
Carl Jung - When an inner situation is not made conscious, it appears outside as fate.
Carl Jung - It all depends on how we look at things, and not how they are in themselves.
Carol Burnett - Only I can change my life. No one can do it for me.
Carol Burnett - We don't stop going to school when we graduate.
Carol Burnett - When you have a dream, you've got to grab it and never let go.
Carol Burnett - Words, once they are printed, have a life of their own.
Carol Burnett - Because nobody goes through life without a scar.
Carol Burnett - Adolescence is just one big walking pimple.
Carol Burnett - I think the hardest thing to do in the world, show-business-wise, is write comedy.
Carol Burnett - Celebrity was a long time in coming; it will go away. Everything goes away.
Carol Burnett - I don't have false teeth. Do you think I'd buy teeth like these?
Carol Burnett - Comedy is tragedy - plus time.
Charles R. Swindoll - Life is 10% what happens to you and 90% how you react to it.
Charles R. Swindoll - Each day of our lives we make deposits in the memory banks of our children.
Charles R. Swindoll - The difference between something good and something great is attention to detail.
Charles R. Swindoll - A teardrop on earth summons the King of heaven.
Charles R. Swindoll - When you have vision it affects your attitude. Your attitude is optimistic rather than pessimistic.
Charles R. Swindoll - I am a preacher. I'm involved in many other things, but, mainly, I preach. And I love it!
Charles R. Swindoll - Prejudice is a learned trait. You're not born prejudiced; you're taught it.
Charles R. Swindoll - We need discernment in what we see and what we hear and what we believe.
Charles R. Swindoll - Alleged 'impossibilities' are opportunities for our capacities to be stretched.
Charles R. Swindoll - When I think of vision, I have in mind the ability to see above and beyond the majority.
Charles Spurgeon - A lie can travel half way around the world while the truth is putting on its shoes.
Charles Spurgeon - It is not how much we have, but how much we enjoy, that makes happiness.
Charles Spurgeon - Sincerity makes the very least person to be of more value than the most talented hypocrite.
Charles Spurgeon - Anxiety does not empty tomorrow of its sorrows, but only empties today of its strength.
Charles Spurgeon - By perseverance the snail reached the ark.
Charles Spurgeon - Beware of no man more than of yourself; we carry our worst enemies within us.
Charles Spurgeon - The Lord gets his best soldiers out of the highlands of affliction.
Charles Spurgeon - Trials teach us what we are; they dig up the soil, and let us see what we are made of.
Charles Spurgeon - Free will carried many a soul to hell, but never a soul to heaven.
Charles Spurgeon - No one is so miserable as the poor person who maintains the appearance of wealth.
Chester Bennington - You're constantly trying to prove yourself, even after you've made it.
Chester Bennington - I don't like to hold back, because that's how you hurt yourself.
Chester Bennington - As an artist, I want a reaction.
Chester Bennington - My favorite jellybean is the pink one with the flavor inside.
Chester Bennington - The fans are the biggest reason we do what we do.
Chester Bennington - I don't go out and pick fights.
Chester Bennington - It's not cool to be an alcoholic.
Chester Bennington - This is a business of love and labor.
Chester Bennington - We're not a political band, we're a socially-minded band.
Chester Bennington - We don't sit down and go, 'People are uneasy about the economy. Let's write about that.'
Christopher Hitchens - What can be asserted without evidence can be dismissed without evidence.
Christopher Hitchens - There are all kinds of stupid people that annoy me but what annoys me most is a lazy argument.
Christopher Hitchens - I'm crepuscular.
Christopher Hitchens - I feel upsettingly de-natured. If Penelope Cruz were one of my nurses, I wouldn't even notice.
Christopher Hitchens - I don't envy or much respect people who are completely politicised.
Christopher Hitchens - I don't think it's possible to have a sense of tragedy without having a sense of humor.
Christopher Hitchens - I was becoming post-ideological.
Christopher Hitchens - The concept of loneliness and exile and self-sufficiency continually bucks me up.
Christopher Hitchens - Trust is not the same as faith. A friend is someone you trust. Putting faith in anyone is a mistake.
Christopher Hitchens - I still think like a Marxist in many ways.
Clint Eastwood - They say marriages are made in Heaven. But so is thunder and lightning.
Clint Eastwood - If you want a guarantee, buy a toaster.
Clint Eastwood - I have a very strict gun control policy: if there's a gun around, I want to be in control of it.
Clint Eastwood - What you put into life is what you get out of it.
Clint Eastwood - I tried being reasonable, I didn't like it.
Clint Eastwood - Fate pulls you in different directions.
Clint Eastwood - The less secure a man is, the more likely he is to have extreme prejudice.
Clint Eastwood - You should never give up your inner self.
Clint Eastwood - I don't think I've met anyone with a stronger work ethic than Ray Charles.
Clint Eastwood - I think being able to age gracefully is a very important talent. It is too late for me.
Coco Chanel - A girl should be two things: classy and fabulous.
Coco Chanel - Fashion fades, only style remains the same.
Coco Chanel - In order to be irreplaceable one must always be different.
Coco Chanel - Fashion is architecture: it is a matter of proportions.
Coco Chanel - Some people think luxury is the opposite of poverty. It is not. It is the opposite of vulgarity.
Coco Chanel - Hard times arouse an instinctive desire for authenticity.
Coco Chanel - The most courageous act is still to think for yourself. Aloud.
Coco Chanel - Don't spend time beating on a wall, hoping to transform it into a door.
Coco Chanel - Luxury must be comfortable, otherwise it is not luxury.
Coco Chanel - Look for the woman in the dress. If there is no woman, there is no dress.
Colin Powell - A dream doesn't become reality through magic; it takes sweat, determination and hard work.
Colin Powell - Success is the result of perfection, hard work, learning from failure, loyalty, and persistence.
Colin Powell - Perpetual optimism is a force multiplier.
Colin Powell - It ain't as bad as you think. It will look better in the morning.
Colin Powell - The healthiest competition occurs when average people win by putting above average effort.
Colin Powell - The commander in the field is always right and the rear echelon is wrong, unless proved otherwise.
Colin Powell - Experts often possess more data than judgment.
Colin Powell - Politics is not bean bags. It's serious, tough stuff.
Colin Powell - Giving back involves a certain amount of giving up.
Colin Powell - Bad news isn't wine. It doesn't improve with age.
Conor McGregor - The thing about the truth is, not a lot of people can handle it.
Conor McGregor - I'm just trying to be myself. I'm not trying to be anyone else.
Conor McGregor - Life is about growing and improving and getting better.
Conor McGregor - My success isn't a result of arrogance - it's a result of belief.
Conor McGregor - I guess I have a little bit of an ego. I'm confidently cocky, you might say.
Conor McGregor - When I say something's going to happen, it's going to happen.
Conor McGregor - Competition gives me energy. It keeps me focused.
Conor McGregor - It's good to make your brain work more than your body.
Conor McGregor - I'll die a crazy old man!
Conor McGregor - We come bulletproof in Ireland. We're reared tough, and we fight.
e. e. cummings - The most wasted of all days is one without laughter.
e. e. cummings - It takes courage to grow up and become who you really are.
e. e. cummings - I'd rather learn from one bird how to sing than teach ten thousand stars how not to dance.
e. e. cummings - Listen; there's a hell of a good universe next door: let's go.
e. e. cummings - Humanity I love you because when you're hard up you pawn your intelligence to buy a drink.
e. e. cummings - To destroy is always the first step in any creation.
e. e. cummings - I imagine that yes is the only living thing.
e. e. cummings - Kisses are a better fate than wisdom.
e. e. cummings - A politician is an arse upon which everyone has sat except a man.
e. e. cummings - The world is mud-luscious and puddle-wonderful.
Eckhart Tolle - Life is an adventure, it's not a package tour.
Eckhart Tolle - Being at ease with not knowing is crucial for answers to come to you.
Eckhart Tolle - Power over others is weakness disguised as strength.
Eckhart Tolle - It is through gratitude for the present moment that the spiritual dimension of life opens up.
Eckhart Tolle - Many people identify their sense of self with the problems they have, or think they have.
Eckhart Tolle - You are the universe, you aren't in the universe.
Eckhart Tolle - If there are people you haven't forgiven, you're not going to really awaken. You have to let go.
Eckhart Tolle - The only thing you ever have is now.
Eckhart Tolle - I'm grateful for always this moment, the now, no matter what form it takes.
Eckhart Tolle - If small things have the power to disturb you, then who you think you are is exactly that: small.
Edgar Allan Poe - Words have no power to impress the mind without the exquisite horror of their reality.
Edgar Allan Poe - They who dream by day are cognizant of many things which escape those who dream only by night.
Edgar Allan Poe - All religion, my friend, is simply evolved out of fraud, fear, greed, imagination, and poetry.
Edgar Allan Poe - All that we see or seem is but a dream within a dream.
Edgar Allan Poe - Once upon a midnight dreary, while I pondered weak and weary.
Edgar Allan Poe - I became insane, with long intervals of horrible sanity.
Edgar Allan Poe - I wish I could write as mysterious as a cat.
Edgar Allan Poe - Beauty of whatever kind, in its supreme development, invariably excites the sensitive soul to tears.
Edgar Allan Poe - Stupidity is a talent for misconception.
Edgar Allan Poe - I have great faith in fools; self-confidence my friends call it.
Edmund Burke - The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing.
Edmund Burke - All tyranny needs to gain a foothold is for people of good conscience to remain silent.
Edmund Burke - To read without reflecting is like eating without digesting.
Edmund Burke - Nobody made a greater mistake than he who did nothing because he could do only a little.
Edmund Burke - The greater the power, the more dangerous the abuse.
Edmund Burke - The traveller has reached the end of the journey!
Edmund Burke - Never despair, but if you do, work on in despair.
Edmund Burke - To make us love our country, our country ought to be lovely.
Edmund Burke - Those who don't know history are destined to repeat it.
Edmund Burke - One that confounds good and evil is an enemy to good.
Eleanor Roosevelt - With the new day comes new strength and new thoughts.
Eleanor Roosevelt - A woman is like a tea bag - you can't tell how strong she is until you put her in hot water.
Eleanor Roosevelt - The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.
Eleanor Roosevelt - Great minds discuss ideas; average minds discuss events; small minds discuss people.
Eleanor Roosevelt - We are afraid to care too much, for fear that the other person does not care at all.
Eleanor Roosevelt - You must do the things you think you cannot do.
Eleanor Roosevelt - It is better to light a candle than curse the darkness.
Eleanor Roosevelt - No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.
Eleanor Roosevelt - It is not fair to ask of others what you are not willing to do yourself.
Eleanor Roosevelt - The giving of love is an education in itself.
Elie Wiesel - The opposite of love is not hate, it's indifference.
Elie Wiesel - Our obligation is to give meaning to life and in doing so to overcome the passive, indifferent life.
Elie Wiesel - I will say, with memoir, you must be honest. You must be truthful.
Elie Wiesel - Because I remember, I despair. Because I remember, I have the duty to reject despair.
Elie Wiesel - If I were immersed in constant melancholy, I would not be who I am.
Elie Wiesel - Once you bring life into the world, you must protect it. We must protect it by changing the world.
Elie Wiesel - Words can sometimes, in moments of grace, attain the quality of deeds.
Elie Wiesel - Indifference, to me, is the epitome of evil.
Elie Wiesel - Because of indifference, one dies before one actually dies.
Elie Wiesel - Not to transmit an experience is to betray it.
Ellen DeGeneres - People always ask me, 'Were you funny as a child?' Well, no, I was an accountant.
Ellen DeGeneres - Nothing says holidays, like a cheese log.
Ellen DeGeneres - I think they should have a Barbie with a buzz cut.
Ellen DeGeneres - Just go up to somebody on the street and say 'You're it!' and then run away.
Ellen DeGeneres - I have sadness in me. I have anger in me. I have heartbreak in me.
Ellen DeGeneres - Sometimes you can't see yourself clearly until you see yourself through the eyes of others.
Ellen DeGeneres - People love gossip. It's the biggest thing that keeps the entertainment industry going.
Ellen DeGeneres - I would love for the world to be happier.
Ellen DeGeneres - I'm a lesbian, an Aquarian, and a vegetarian.
Ellen DeGeneres - I love clothes, so when I wear clothes, they're usually somebody's. You know, I'm not wearing Kmart.
Elon Musk - When something is important enough, you do it even if the odds are not in your favor.
Elon Musk - Patience is a virtue, and I'm learning patience. It's a tough lesson.
Elon Musk - Life is too short for long-term grudges.
Elon Musk - Some people don't like change, but you need to embrace change if the alternative is disaster.
Elon Musk - Great companies are built on great products.
Elon Musk - Any product that needs a manual to work is broken.
Elon Musk - It's OK to have your eggs in one basket as long as you control what happens to that basket.
Elon Musk - I would like to die on Mars. Just not on impact.
Elon Musk - Really, the only thing that makes sense is to strive for greater collective enlightenment.
Elon Musk - I do love email. Wherever possible I try to communicate asynchronously. I'm really good at email.
Elvis Presley - I'm not trying to be sexy. It's just my way of expressing myself when I move around.
Elvis Presley - Truth is like the sun. You can shut it out for a time, but it ain't goin' away.
Elvis Presley - Until we meet again, may God bless you as he has blessed me.
Elvis Presley - The Lord can give, and the Lord can take away. I might be herding sheep next year.
Elvis Presley - Whatever I will become will be what God has chosen for me.
Elvis Presley - I did the Ed Sullivan show four times. I did the Steve Allen show. I did the Jackie Gleason show.
Elvis Presley - Ambition is a dream with a V8 engine.
Elvis Presley - I think I have something tonight that's not quite correct for evening wear. Blue suede shoes.
Elvis Presley - Rhythm is something you either have or don't have, but when you have it, you have it all over.
Elvis Presley - Every time I think that I'm getting old, and gradually going to the grave, something else happens.
Emily Dickinson - Morning without you is a dwindled dawn.
Emily Dickinson - The soul should always stand ajar, ready to welcome the ecstatic experience.
Emily Dickinson - I hope you love birds too. It is economical. It saves going to heaven.
Emily Dickinson - Unable are the loved to die, for love is immortality.
Emily Dickinson - Saying nothing... sometimes says the most.
Emily Dickinson - To live is so startling it leaves little time for anything else.
Emily Dickinson - Whenever a thing is done for the first time, it releases a little demon.
Emily Dickinson - A wounded deer leaps the highest.
Emily Dickinson - I'm nobody, who are you?
Emily Dickinson - Truth is so rare that it is delightful to tell it.
Eminem - Somewhere deep down there's a decent man in me, he just can't be found.
Eminem - I'm stupid, I'm ugly, I'm dumb, I smell. Did I mention I'm stupid?
Eminem - My father? I never knew him. Never even seen a picture of him.
Eminem - Sometimes I feel like rap music is almost the key to stopping racism.
Eminem - Anything I've ever said, I certainly was feeling at the time.
Eminem - These times are so hard, and they're getting even harder.
Eminem - I am whatever you say I am; if I wasn't, then why would you say I am.
Eminem - I was poor white trash, no glitter, no glamour, but I'm not ashamed of anything.
Eminem - Nothing on 'Relapse' and very little on 'Recovery' was produced by me.
Eminem - It's just hard to meet new people, in my position.
Epictetus - The key is to keep company only with people who uplift you, whose presence calls forth your best.
Epictetus - We have two ears and one mouth so that we can listen twice as much as we speak.
Epictetus - It's not what happens to you, but how you react to it that matters.
Epictetus - It takes more than just a good looking body. You've got to have the heart and soul to go with it.
Epictetus - Keep silence for the most part, and speak only when you must, and then briefly.
Epictetus - If you want to improve, be content to be thought foolish and stupid.
Epictetus - Wealth consists not in having great possessions, but in having few wants.
Epictetus - Difficulties are things that show a person what they are.
Epictetus - First learn the meaning of what you say, and then speak.
Epictetus - Men are disturbed not by things, but by the view which they take of them.
Erma Bombeck - There is a thin line that separates laughter and pain, comedy and tragedy, humor and hurt.
Erma Bombeck - Never go to a doctor whose office plants have died.
Erma Bombeck - Don't confuse fame with success. Madonna is one; Helen Keller is the other.
Erma Bombeck - Dreams have only one owner at a time. That's why dreamers are lonely.
Erma Bombeck - I come from a family where gravy is considered a beverage.
Erma Bombeck - It is not until you become a mother that your judgment slowly turns to compassion and understanding.
Erma Bombeck - The only reason I would take up jogging is so that I could hear heavy breathing again.
Erma Bombeck - If a man watches three football games in a row, he should be declared legally dead.
Erma Bombeck - In two decades I've lost a total of 789 pounds. I should be hanging from a charm bracelet.
Erma Bombeck - Sometimes I can't figure designers out. It's as if they flunked human anatomy.
Ernest Hemingway - The best way to find out if you can trust somebody is to trust them.
Ernest Hemingway - The world breaks everyone, and afterward, some are strong at the broken places.
Ernest Hemingway - Never go on trips with anyone you do not love.
Ernest Hemingway - An intelligent man is sometimes forced to be drunk to spend time with his fools.
Ernest Hemingway - I love sleep. My life has the tendency to fall apart when I'm awake, you know?
Ernest Hemingway - Always do sober what you said you'd do drunk. That will teach you to keep your mouth shut.
Ernest Hemingway - I like to listen. I have learned a great deal from listening carefully. Most people never listen.
Ernest Hemingway - There is nothing to writing. All you do is sit down at a typewriter and bleed.
Ernest Hemingway - Never mistake motion for action.
Ernest Hemingway - Courage is grace under pressure.
Euripides - Friends show their love in times of trouble, not in happiness.
Euripides - One loyal friend is worth ten thousand relatives.
Euripides - To a father growing old nothing is dearer than a daughter.
Euripides - He is not a lover who does not love forever.
Euripides - Silence is true wisdom's best reply.
Euripides - The good and the wise lead quiet lives.
Euripides - There is the sky, which is all men's together.
Euripides - Nothing has more strength than dire necessity.
Euripides - He was a wise man who originated the idea of God.
Euripides - Fortune truly helps those who are of good judgment.
F. Scott Fitzgerald - Personality is an unbroken series of successful gestures.
F. Scott Fitzgerald - Vitality shows in not only the ability to persist but the ability to start over.
F. Scott Fitzgerald - Never confuse a single defeat with a final defeat.
F. Scott Fitzgerald - There are only the pursued, the pursuing, the busy and the tired.
F. Scott Fitzgerald - Genius is the ability to put into effect what is on your mind.
F. Scott Fitzgerald - Show me a hero and I'll write you a tragedy.
F. Scott Fitzgerald - Everybody's youth is a dream, a form of chemical madness.
F. Scott Fitzgerald - All good writing is swimming under water and holding your breath.
F. Scott Fitzgerald - Great art is the contempt of a great man for small art.
F. Scott Fitzgerald - A great social success is a pretty girl who plays her cards as carefully as if she were plain.
Fidel Castro - The revolution is a dictatorship of the exploited against the exploiters.
Fidel Castro - A revolution is a struggle to the death between the future and the past.
Fidel Castro - I don't think anyone has been slandered more than the Jews.
Fidel Castro - I am a Marxist Leninist and I will be one until the last day of my life.
Fidel Castro - I have always fought for concrete facts, for justice.
Fidel Castro - I can assure you that my first and foremost interest is my country.
Fidel Castro - I am not a communist and neither is the revolutionary movement.
Fidel Castro - Capitalism is using its money; we socialists throw it away.
Fidel Castro - I am Fidel Castro and we have come to liberate Cuba.
Fidel Castro - How can we help President Obama?
Floyd Mayweather, Jr. - A true champion will fight through anything.
Floyd Mayweather, Jr. - You have good days, you have bad days. But the main thing is to grow mentally.
Floyd Mayweather, Jr. - A true champion can adapt to anything.
Floyd Mayweather, Jr. - I'm always going to love my father.
Floyd Mayweather, Jr. - I like to play table tennis, spend time with my kids.
Floyd Mayweather, Jr. - I'm looking to expand my portfolio while I'm on top and while I'm young.
Floyd Mayweather, Jr. - I am the best. There is nobody better than me.
Floyd Mayweather, Jr. - I haven't took no punishment. There's nothing cool about taking punishment.
Floyd Mayweather, Jr. - I've set the model of showing fighters how they should conduct their business.
Floyd Mayweather, Jr. - I'm not in this sport to say a guy can beat me.
Francis Bacon - In order for the light to shine so brightly, the darkness must be present.
Francis Bacon - Reading maketh a full man; conference a ready man; and writing an exact man.
Francis Bacon - Travel, in the younger sort, is a part of education; in the elder, a part of experience.
Francis Bacon - Knowledge is power.
Francis Bacon - A man that studieth revenge keeps his own wounds green.
Francis Bacon - A bachelor's life is a fine breakfast, a flat lunch, and a miserable dinner.
Francis Bacon - The momentous thing in human life is the art of winning the soul to good or evil.
Francis Bacon - Hope is a good breakfast, but it is a bad supper.
Francis Bacon - Some books are to be tasted, others to be swallowed, and some few to be chewed and digested.
Francis Bacon - God hangs the greatest weights upon the smallest wires.
Francis of Assisi - Start by doing what's necessary; then do what's possible; and suddenly you are doing the impossible.
Francis of Assisi - Lord, make me an instrument of thy peace. Where there is hatred, let me sow love.
Francis of Assisi - Where there is charity and wisdom, there is neither fear nor ignorance.
Francis of Assisi - A single sunbeam is enough to drive away many shadows.
Francis of Assisi - It is no use walking anywhere to preach unless our walking is our preaching.
Francis of Assisi - If God can work through me, he can work through anyone.
Francis of Assisi - While you are proclaiming peace with your lips, be careful to have it even more fully in your heart.
Francis of Assisi - Where there is injury let me sow pardon.
Francis of Assisi - Lord, grant that I might not so much seek to be loved as to love.
Francis of Assisi - For it is in giving that we receive.
Francois de La Rochefoucauld - We are nearer loving those who hate us than those who love us more than we wish.
Francois de La Rochefoucauld - True love is like ghosts, which everyone talks about and few have seen.
Francois de La Rochefoucauld - Self-interest makes some people blind, and others sharp-sighted.
Francois de La Rochefoucauld - If we resist our passions, it is more due to their weakness than our strength.
Francois de La Rochefoucauld - Old people love to give good advice; it compensates them for their inability to set a bad example.
Francois de La Rochefoucauld - A wise man thinks it more advantageous not to join the battle than to win.
Francois de La Rochefoucauld - People always complain about their memories, never about their minds.
Francois de La Rochefoucauld - There is only one kind of love, but there are a thousand imitations.
Francois de La Rochefoucauld - There is no disguise which can hide love for long where it exists, or simulate it where it does not.
Francois de La Rochefoucauld - Flattery is a kind of bad money, to which our vanity gives us currency.
Frank Lloyd Wright - Study nature, love nature, stay close to nature. It will never fail you.
Frank Lloyd Wright - Less is only more where more is no good.
Frank Lloyd Wright - The longer I live, the more beautiful life becomes.
Frank Lloyd Wright - A doctor can bury his mistakes but an architect can only advise his clients to plant vines.
Frank Lloyd Wright - Simplicity and repose are the qualities that measure the true value of any work of art.
Frank Lloyd Wright - Eventually, I think Chicago will be the most beautiful great city left in the world.
Frank Lloyd Wright - I believe in God, only I spell it Nature.
Frank Lloyd Wright - Television is chewing gum for the eyes.
Frank Lloyd Wright - The thing always happens that you really believe in; and the belief in a thing makes it happen.
Frank Lloyd Wright - Space is the breath of art.
Frank Sinatra - Alcohol may be man's worst enemy, but the bible says love your enemy.
Frank Sinatra - The best revenge is massive success.
Frank Sinatra - Cock your hat - angles are attitudes.
Frank Sinatra - A man doesn't know what happiness is until he's married. By then, it's too late.
Frank Sinatra - I'm gonna live till I die.
Frank Sinatra - You treat a lady like a dame, and a dame like a lady.
Frank Sinatra - I am a thing of beauty.
Frank Sinatra - Don't get even, get mad.
Frank Sinatra - Whatever else has been said about me personally is unimportant. When I sing, I believe. I'm honest.
Frank Sinatra - Nothing anybody's said or written about me ever bothers me, except when it does.
Franklin D. Roosevelt - Happiness lies in the joy of achievement and the thrill of creative effort.
Franklin D. Roosevelt - In politics, nothing happens by accident. If it happens, you can bet it was planned that way.
Franklin D. Roosevelt - When you reach the end of your rope, tie a knot in it and hang on.
Franklin D. Roosevelt - I'm not the smartest fellow in the world, but I can sure pick smart colleagues.
Franklin D. Roosevelt - The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today.
Franklin D. Roosevelt - To reach a port, we must sail - sail, not tie at anchor - sail, not drift.
Franklin D. Roosevelt - I pledge you, I pledge myself, to a new deal for the American people.
Franklin D. Roosevelt - I ask you to judge me by the enemies I have made.
Franklin D. Roosevelt - There are many ways of going forward, but only one way of standing still.
Franklin D. Roosevelt - The only thing we have to fear is fear itself.
Franz Kafka - Anyone who keeps the ability to see beauty never grows old.
Franz Kafka - Start with what is right rather than what is acceptable.
Franz Kafka - So long as you have food in your mouth, you have solved all questions for the time being.
Franz Kafka - A book should serve as the ax for the frozen sea within us.
Franz Kafka - God gives the nuts, but he does not crack them.
Franz Kafka - Evil is whatever distracts.
Franz Kafka - If I shall exist eternally, how shall I exist tomorrow?
Franz Kafka - Every revolution evaporates and leaves behind only the slime of a new bureaucracy.
Franz Kafka - Always first draw fresh breath after outbursts of vanity and complacency.
Franz Kafka - A first sign of the beginning of understanding is the wish to die.
Frederick Douglass - If there is no struggle, there is no progress.
Frederick Douglass - It is easier to build strong children than to repair broken men.
Frederick Douglass - Without a struggle, there can be no progress.
Frederick Douglass - What to the Slave is the 4th of July.
Frederick Douglass - I prayed for twenty years but received no answer until I prayed with my legs.
Frederick Douglass - Power concedes nothing without a demand. It never did and it never will.
Frederick Douglass - The thing worse than rebellion is the thing that causes rebellion.
Frederick Douglass - The limits of tyrants are prescribed by the endurance of those whom they oppress.
Frederick Douglass - At a time like this, scorching irony, not convincing argument, is needed.
Frederick Douglass - When men sow the wind it is rational to expect that they will reap the whirlwind.
Frida Kahlo - Feet, what do I need you for when I have wings to fly?
Frida Kahlo - I love you more than my own skin.
Frida Kahlo - I never paint dreams or nightmares. I paint my own reality.
Frida Kahlo - I am my own muse, the subject I know best.
Frida Kahlo - I paint self-portraits because I am so often alone, because I am the person I know best.
Frida Kahlo - I paint flowers so they will not die.
Frida Kahlo - I am in agreement with everything my father taught me and nothing my mother taught me.
Frida Kahlo - They thought I was a Surrealist, but I wasn't. I never painted dreams. I painted my own reality.
Frida Kahlo - My painting carries with it the message of pain.
Frida Kahlo - Painting completed my life.
Friedrich Nietzsche - It is not a lack of love, but a lack of friendship that makes unhappy marriages.
Friedrich Nietzsche - To live is to suffer, to survive is to find some meaning in the suffering.
Friedrich Nietzsche - There is always some madness in love. But there is also always some reason in madness.
Friedrich Nietzsche - Thoughts are the shadows of our feelings - always darker, emptier and simpler.
Friedrich Nietzsche - Without music, life would be a mistake.
Friedrich Nietzsche - All truly great thoughts are conceived by walking.
Friedrich Nietzsche - We love life, not because we are used to living but because we are used to loving.
Friedrich Nietzsche - The man of knowledge must be able not only to love his enemies but also to hate his friends.
Friedrich Nietzsche - That which does not kill us makes us stronger.
Friedrich Nietzsche - Love is blind; friendship closes its eyes.
Fyodor Dostoevsky - Much unhappiness has come into the world because of bewilderment and things left unsaid.
Fyodor Dostoevsky - The cleverest of all, in my opinion, is the man who calls himself a fool at least once a month.
Fyodor Dostoevsky - If there is no God, everything is permitted.
Fyodor Dostoevsky - To live without Hope is to Cease to live.
Fyodor Dostoevsky - The greatest happiness is to know the source of unhappiness.
Fyodor Dostoevsky - The soul is healed by being with children.
Fyodor Dostoevsky - Happiness does not lie in happiness, but in the achievement of it.
Fyodor Dostoevsky - Realists do not fear the results of their study.
Fyodor Dostoevsky - The formula 'Two and two make five' is not without its attractions.
Fyodor Dostoevsky - It is not possible to eat me without insisting that I sing praises of my devourer?
Gary Vaynerchuk - If I could drink only one wine, it would be Champagne.
Gary Vaynerchuk - I influence anybody who is able to get through the chaos of my first impression.
Gary Vaynerchuk - When the tech geeks talk, I pay close attention.
Gary Vaynerchuk - Word of mouth works now, much more than ever. @-reply every single person.
Gary Vaynerchuk - One of my biggest flaws is I don't take advice.
Gary Vaynerchuk - Beaujolais is so underrated.
Gary Vaynerchuk - People don't want to embrace culture shifts because it's not going to happen in the next 20 minutes.
Gary Vaynerchuk - I love people, and the hustle.
Gary Vaynerchuk - I don't want anybody to not recognize how appreciative I am of the volume of e-mails I get.
Gary Vaynerchuk - From age 16, I lived and breathed wine. I read every magazine and book about wine.
George Bernard Shaw - Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.
George Bernard Shaw - We are made wise not by the recollection of our past, but by the responsibility for our future.
George Bernard Shaw - The single biggest problem in communication is the illusion that it has taken place.
George Bernard Shaw - There is no sincerer love than the love of food.
George Bernard Shaw - Better keep yourself clean and bright; you are the window through which you must see the world.
George Bernard Shaw - Success does not consist in never making mistakes but in never making the same one a second time.
George Bernard Shaw - Beware of false knowledge; it is more dangerous than ignorance.
George Bernard Shaw - Take care to get what you like or you will be forced to like what you get.
George Bernard Shaw - A happy family is but an earlier heaven.
George Bernard Shaw - We don't stop playing because we grow old; we grow old because we stop playing.
George Carlin - The other night I ate at a real nice family restaurant. Every table had an argument going.
George Carlin - Weather forecast for tonight: dark.
George Carlin - There are nights when the wolves are silent and only the moon howls.
George Carlin - May the forces of evil become confused on the way to your house.
George Carlin - Just cause you got the monkey off your back doesn't mean the circus has left town.
George Carlin - Inside every cynical person, there is a disappointed idealist.
George Carlin - Frisbeetarianism is the belief that when you die, your soul goes up on the roof and gets stuck.
George Carlin - One tequila, two tequila, three tequila, floor.
George Carlin - Don't sweat the petty things and don't pet the sweaty things.
George Carlin - Electricity is really just organized lightning.
George Eliot - It is never too late to be what you might have been.
George Eliot - Blessed is the man, who having nothing to say, abstains from giving wordy evidence of the fact.
George Eliot - It will never rain roses: when we want to have more roses we must plant more trees.
George Eliot - Great things are not done by impulse, but by a series of small things brought together.
George Eliot - Wear a smile and have friends; wear a scowl and have wrinkles.
George Eliot - The beginning of compunction is the beginning of a new life.
George Eliot - Life began with waking up and loving my mother's face.
George Eliot - Animals are such agreeable friends - they ask no questions; they pass no criticisms.
George Eliot - All meanings, we know, depend on the key of interpretation.
George Eliot - People who can't be witty exert themselves to be devout and affectionate.
George Orwell - War is peace. Freedom is slavery. Ignorance is strength.
George Orwell - Happiness can exist only in acceptance.
George Orwell - If liberty means anything at all, it means the right to tell people what they do not want to hear.
George Orwell - The very concept of objective truth is fading out of the world. Lies will pass into history.
George Orwell - All animals are equal, but some animals are more equal than others.
George Orwell - Freedom is the right to tell people what they do not want to hear.
George Orwell - The essence of being human is that one does not seek perfection.
George Orwell - Who controls the past controls the future. Who controls the present controls the past.
George Orwell - For a creative writer possession of the 'truth' is less important than emotional sincerity.
George Orwell - There are some ideas so wrong that only a very intelligent person could believe in them.
George S. Patton - Accept the challenges so that you can feel the exhilaration of victory.
George S. Patton - The object of war is not to die for your country but to make the other bastard die for his.
George S. Patton - A good plan violently executed now is better than a perfect plan executed next week.
George S. Patton - If everyone is thinking alike, then somebody isn't thinking.
George S. Patton - It is foolish and wrong to mourn the men who died. Rather we should thank God that such men lived.
George S. Patton - Success is how high you bounce when you hit bottom.
George S. Patton - Better to fight for something than live for nothing.
George S. Patton - You need to overcome the tug of people against you as you reach for high goals.
George S. Patton - If you tell people where to go, but not how to get there, you'll be amazed at the results.
George S. Patton - Take calculated risks. That is quite different from being rash.
George Sand - There is only one happiness in this life, to love and be loved.
George Sand - Try to keep your soul young and quivering right up to old age.
George Sand - The prayers of a lover are more imperious than the menaces of the whole world.
George Sand - Admiration and familiarity are strangers.
George Sand - Life in common among people who love each other is the ideal of happiness.
George Sand - Every historian discloses a new horizon.
George Sand - One changes from day to day, and... after a few years have passed one has completely altered.
George Sand - Work is not man's punishment. It is his reward and his strength and his pleasure.
George Sand - Vanity is the quicksand of reason.
George Sand - No human creature can give orders to love.
George Santayana - The family is one of nature's masterpieces.
George Santayana - Those who do not remember the past are condemned to repeat it.
George Santayana - When men and women agree, it is only in their conclusions; their reasons are always different.
George Santayana - Nonsense is so good only because common sense is so limited.
George Santayana - A child educated only at school is an uneducated child.
George Santayana - Never build your emotional life on the weaknesses of others.
George Santayana - Only the dead have seen the end of the war.
George Santayana - An artist is a dreamer consenting to dream of the actual world.
George Santayana - Chaos is a name for any order that produces confusion in our minds.
George Santayana - Nothing can so pierce the soul as the uttermost sigh of the body.
George W. Bush - You can fool some of the people all the time, and those are the ones you want to concentrate on.
George W. Bush - The wisest use of American strength is to advance freedom.
George W. Bush - There's no bigger task than protecting the homeland of our country.
George W. Bush - Do I think faith will be an important part of being a good president? Yes, I do.
George W. Bush - Freedom itself was attacked this morning by a faceless coward, and freedom will be defended.
George W. Bush - I believe that God has planted in every heart the desire to live in freedom.
George W. Bush - I want to thank you for taking time out of your day to come and witness my hanging.
George W. Bush - Some folks look at me and see a certain swagger, which in Texas is called 'walking.'
George W. Bush - It's going to be the year of the sharp elbow and the quick tongue.
George W. Bush - You can't put democracy and freedom back into a box.
George Washington - It is far better to be alone, than to be in bad company.
George Washington - Observe good faith and justice toward all nations. Cultivate peace and harmony with all.
George Washington - Guard against the impostures of pretended patriotism.
George Washington - To be prepared for war is one of the most effective means of preserving peace.
George Washington - Truth will ultimately prevail where there is pains to bring it to light.
George Washington - Worry is the interest paid by those who borrow trouble.
George Washington - Happiness and moral duty are inseparably connected.
George Washington - The Constitution is the guide which I never will abandon.
George Washington - Let us raise a standard to which the wise and honest can repair; the rest is in the hands of God.
George Washington - It is better to offer no excuse than a bad one.
Georgia O'Keeffe - I decided that if I could paint that flower in a huge scale, you could not ignore its beauty.
Georgia O'Keeffe - To create one's world in any of the arts takes courage.
Georgia O'Keeffe - You get whatever accomplishment you are willing to declare.
Georgia O'Keeffe - I hate flowers - I paint them because they're cheaper than models and they don't move.
Georgia O'Keeffe - I decided to start anew, to strip away what I had been taught.
Georgia O'Keeffe - The days you work are the best days.
Georgia O'Keeffe - I had to create an equivalent for what I felt about what I was looking at - not copy it.
Georgia O'Keeffe - Anyone who doesn't feel the crosses simply doesn't get that country.
Georgia O'Keeffe - One can't paint New York as it is, but rather as it is felt.
Georgia O'Keeffe - I feel there is something unexplored about woman that only a woman can explore.
Gilbert K. Chesterton - The traveler sees what he sees, the tourist sees what he has come to see.
Gilbert K. Chesterton - There are no rules of architecture for a castle in the clouds.
Gilbert K. Chesterton - One sees great things from the valley; only small things from the peak.
Gilbert K. Chesterton - Marriage is an adventure, like going to war.
Gilbert K. Chesterton - The way to love anything is to realize that it may be lost.
Gilbert K. Chesterton - The true object of all human life is play. Earth is a task garden; heaven is a playground.
Gilbert K. Chesterton - An inconvenience is an adventure wrongly considered.
Gilbert K. Chesterton - Do not free a camel of the burden of his hump; you may be freeing him from being a camel.
Gilbert K. Chesterton - All slang is metaphor, and all metaphor is poetry.
Gilbert K. Chesterton - Tolerance is the virtue of the man without convictions.
Gloria Steinem - The problem for all women is we're identified by how we look instead of by our heads and our hearts.
Gloria Steinem - Being misunderstood by people whose opinions you value is absolutely the most painful.
Gloria Steinem - A woman without a man is like a fish without a bicycle.
Gloria Steinem - Law and justice are not always the same.
Gloria Steinem - We need to remember across generations that there is as much to learn as there is to teach.
Gloria Steinem - Some of us are becoming the men we wanted to marry.
Gloria Steinem - The future depends entirely on what each of us does every day; a movement is only people moving.
Gloria Steinem - Pearl Jam doesn't just sing about issues they care about. These guys walk it like they talk it.
Gloria Steinem - Logic is in the eye of the logician.
Gloria Steinem - Most women are one man away from welfare.
Gore Vidal - Style is knowing who you are, what you want to say, and not giving a damn.
Gore Vidal - Write something, even if it's just a suicide note.
Gore Vidal - At any given moment, public opinion is a chaos of superstition, misinformation and prejudice.
Gore Vidal - Whenever a friend succeeds, a little something in me dies.
Gore Vidal - Andy Warhol is the only genius I've ever known with an I.Q. of 60.
Gore Vidal - Some writers take to drink, others take to audiences.
Gore Vidal - Never have children, only grandchildren.
Gore Vidal - Our form of democracy is bribery, on the highest scale.
Gore Vidal - Litigation takes the place of sex at middle age.
Gore Vidal - The four most beautiful words in our common language: I told you so.
Groucho Marx - Outside of a dog, a book is a man's best friend. Inside of a dog it's too dark to read.
Groucho Marx - The secret of life is honesty and fair dealing. If you can fake that, you've got it made.
Groucho Marx - One morning I shot an elephant in my pajamas. How he got into my pajamas I'll never know.
Groucho Marx - A black cat crossing your path signifies that the animal is going somewhere.
Groucho Marx - Anyone who says he can see through women is missing a lot.
Groucho Marx - I've had a perfectly wonderful evening. But this wasn't it.
Groucho Marx - I refuse to join any club that would have me as a member.
Groucho Marx - Behind every successful man is a woman, behind her is his wife.
Groucho Marx - Who are you going to believe, me or your own eyes?
Groucho Marx - A hospital bed is a parked taxi with the meter running.
H. Jackson Brown, Jr. - The best preparation for tomorrow is doing your best today.
H. Jackson Brown, Jr. - Sometimes the heart sees what is invisible to the eye.
H. Jackson Brown, Jr. - Remember that the most valuable antiques are dear old friends.
H. Jackson Brown, Jr. - Love is when the other person's happiness is more important than your own.
H. Jackson Brown, Jr. - Live so that when your children think of fairness, caring, and integrity, they think of you.
H. Jackson Brown, Jr. - Remember that children, marriages, and flower gardens reflect the kind of care they get.
H. Jackson Brown, Jr. - Remember that the happiest people are not those getting more, but those giving more.
H. Jackson Brown, Jr. - Think big thoughts but relish small pleasures.
H. Jackson Brown, Jr. - Opportunity dances with those already on the dance floor.
H. Jackson Brown, Jr. - Enjoy the satisfaction that comes from doing little things well.
H. L. Mencken - Democracy is the art and science of running the circus from the monkey cage.
H. L. Mencken - For every complex problem there is an answer that is clear, simple, and wrong.
H. L. Mencken - Democracy is a pathetic belief in the collective wisdom of individual ignorance.
H. L. Mencken - A judge is a law student who marks his own examination papers.
H. L. Mencken - Puritanism. The haunting fear that someone, somewhere, may be happy.
H. L. Mencken - A man may be a fool and not know it, but not if he is married.
H. L. Mencken - Honor is simply the morality of superior men.
H. L. Mencken - Communism, like any other revealed religion, is largely made up of prophecies.
H. L. Mencken - The urge to save humanity is almost always a false front for the urge to rule.
H. L. Mencken - Love is the delusion that one woman differs from another.
H. P. Lovecraft - Unhappy is he to whom the memories of childhood bring only fear and sadness.
H. P. Lovecraft - Ocean is more ancient than the mountains, and freighted with the memories and the dreams of Time.
H. P. Lovecraft - The process of delving into the black abyss is to me the keenest form of fascination.
H. P. Lovecraft - But more wonderful than the lore of old men and the lore of books is the secret lore of ocean.
H. P. Lovecraft - Toil without song is like a weary journey without an end.
H. P. Lovecraft - Searchers after horror haunt strange, far places.
H. P. Lovecraft - I could not write about 'ordinary people' because I am not in the least interested in them.
H. P. Lovecraft - But are not the dreams of poets and the tales of travellers notoriously false?
H. P. Lovecraft - I fear my enthusiasm flags when real work is demanded of me.
H. P. Lovecraft - The world is indeed comic, but the joke is on mankind.
Hannah Arendt - The most radical revolutionary will become a conservative the day after the revolution.
Hannah Arendt - Nothing we use or hear or touch can be expressed in words that equal what is given by the senses.
Hannah Arendt - There are no dangerous thoughts; thinking itself is dangerous.
Hannah Arendt - Storytelling reveals meaning without committing the error of defining it.
Hannah Arendt - For the things we have to learn before we can do them, we learn by doing them.
Hannah Arendt - The sad truth is that most evil is done by people who never make up their minds to be good or evil.
Hannah Arendt - In order to go on living one must try to escape the death involved in perfectionism.
Hannah Arendt - The Third World is not a reality but an ideology.
Hannah Arendt - Forgiveness is the key to action and freedom.
Hannah Arendt - Few girls are as well shaped as a good horse.
Harry S Truman - It is amazing what you can accomplish if you do not care who gets the credit.
Harry S Truman - There is nothing new in the world except the history you do not know.
Harry S Truman - If you can't stand the heat, get out of the kitchen.
Harry S Truman - Actions are the seed of fate deeds grow into destiny.
Harry S Truman - The reward of suffering is experience.
Harry S Truman - If I'd known how much packing I'd have to do, I'd have run again.
Harry S Truman - If you can't convince them, confuse them.
Harry S Truman - I never did give anybody hell. I just told the truth and they thought it was hell.
Harry S Truman - A leader in the Democratic Party is a boss, in the Republican Party he is a leader.
Harry S Truman - The White House is the finest prison in the world.
Helen Keller - Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement. Nothing can be done without hope and confidence.
Helen Keller - Walking with a friend in the dark is better than walking alone in the light.
Helen Keller - Keep your face to the sunshine and you cannot see a shadow.
Helen Keller - So long as the memory of certain beloved friends lives in my heart, I shall say that life is good.
Helen Keller - Never bend your head. Always hold it high. Look the world straight in the eye.
Helen Keller - Life is either a great adventure or nothing.
Helen Keller - Alone we can do so little; together we can do so much.
Helen Keller - The only thing worse than being blind is having sight but no vision.
Helen Keller - The highest result of education is tolerance.
Helen Keller - We could never learn to be brave and patient, if there were only joy in the world.
Helen Mirren - There's no good way to waste your time. Wasting time is just wasting time.
Helen Mirren - Gardening is learning, learning, learning. That's the fun of them. You're always learning.
Helen Mirren - We're all idiots when we're young. We don't think we are, but we are. So we should be.
Helen Mirren - Flesh sells. People don't want to see pictures of churches. They want to see naked bodies.
Helen Mirren - The trick in life is learning how to deal with it.
Helen Mirren - It's great to be queen!
Helen Mirren - I was never that kind of star. I was never cast because I was gorgeous.
Helen Mirren - I love photography, and I love the art of photography.
Helen Mirren - The great marriages are partnerships. It can't be a great marriage without being a partnership.
Helen Mirren - I'm not strong-willed, actually. I'm a complete pushover. I love to be told what to do.
Henry David Thoreau - The language of friendship is not words but meanings.
Henry David Thoreau - It's not what you look at that matters, it's what you see.
Henry David Thoreau - Friends... they cherish one another's hopes. They are kind to one another's dreams.
Henry David Thoreau - This world is but a canvas to our imagination.
Henry David Thoreau - An early-morning walk is a blessing for the whole day.
Henry David Thoreau - Many men go fishing all of their lives without knowing that it is not fish they are after.
Henry David Thoreau - Not until we are lost do we begin to understand ourselves.
Henry David Thoreau - You must live in the present, launch yourself on every wave, find your eternity in each moment.
Henry David Thoreau - It is not enough to be busy. So are the ants. The question is: What are we busy about?
Henry David Thoreau - True friendship can afford true knowledge. It does not depend on darkness and ignorance.
Henry Ford - My best friend is the one who brings out the best in me.
Henry Ford - Coming together is a beginning; keeping together is progress; working together is success.
Henry Ford - Failure is simply the opportunity to begin again, this time more intelligently.
Henry Ford - Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goal.
Henry Ford - Don't find fault, find a remedy.
Henry Ford - If everyone is moving forward together, then success takes care of itself.
Henry Ford - A business that makes nothing but money is a poor business.
Henry Ford - Quality means doing it right when no one is looking.
Henry Ford - Thinking is the hardest work there is, which is probably the reason why so few engage in it.
Henry Ford - If you think you can do a thing or think you can't do a thing, you're right.
Henry Rollins - Loneliness adds beauty to life. It puts a special burn on sunsets and makes night air smell better.
Henry Rollins - Pizza makes me think that anything is possible.
Henry Rollins - My motto is, 'Never quit.'
Henry Rollins - Life will not break your heart. It'll crush it.
Henry Rollins - August, the summer's last messenger of misery, is a hollow actor.
Henry Rollins - I don't want to pass through life like a smooth plane ride.
Henry Rollins - My optimism wears heavy boots and is loud.
Henry Rollins - I am on until I am dead, like a light bulb.
Henry Rollins - You need a little bit of insanity to do great things.
Henry Rollins - In winter, I plot and plan. In spring, I move.
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow - The best thing one can do when it's raining is to let it rain.
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow - In character, in manner, in style, in all things, the supreme excellence is simplicity.
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow - Into each life some rain must fall.
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow - Music is the universal language of mankind.
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow - The love of learning, the sequestered nooks, And all the sweet serenity of books.
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow - Simplicity in character, in manners, in style; in all things the supreme excellence is simplicity.
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow - Thy fate is the common fate of all; Into each life some rain must fall.
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow - That which the fountain sends forth returns again to the fountain.
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow - A thought often makes us hotter than a fire.
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow - The human voice is the organ of the soul.
Hilaire Belloc - Loss and possession, death and life are one, There falls no shadow where there shines no sun.
Hilaire Belloc - Be content to remember that those who can make omelettes properly can do nothing else.
Hilaire Belloc - The grace of God is courtesy.
Hilaire Belloc - When I am dead, I hope it may be said: His sins were scarlet, but his books were read.
Hilaire Belloc - All men have an instinct for conflict: at least, all healthy men.
Hilaire Belloc - It is sometimes necessary to lie damnably in the interests of the nation.
Hilaire Belloc - I'm tired of love; I'm still more tired of rhyme; but money gives me pleasure all the time.
Hilaire Belloc - Just as there is nothing between the admirable omelet and the intolerable, so with autobiography.
Hilaire Belloc - I am writing a book about the Crusades so dull that I can scarcely write it.
Hilaire Belloc - It is the best of all trades, to make songs, and the second best to sing them.
Hillary Clinton - Women are the largest untapped reservoir of talent in the world.
Hillary Clinton - You don't walk away if you love someone. You help the person.
Hillary Clinton - I believe that the rights of women and girls is the unfinished business of the 21st century.
Hillary Clinton - Probably my worst quality is that I get very passionate about what I think is right.
Hillary Clinton - You have to be true to yourself.
Hillary Clinton - I've had extraordinary good luck with my health, other than a broken elbow.
Hillary Clinton - If I want to knock a story off the front page, I just change my hairstyle.
Hillary Clinton - There's a difference between fair game and playing games.
Hillary Clinton - I'm undaunted in my quest to amuse myself by constantly changing my hair.
Hillary Clinton - I suppose I could have stayed home and baked cookies and had teas.
Hunter S. Thompson - Some may never live, but the crazy never die.
Hunter S. Thompson - When the going gets weird, the weird turn pro.
Hunter S. Thompson - Freedom is something that dies unless it's used.
Hunter S. Thompson - There is no such thing as paranoia. Your worst fears can come true at any moment.
Hunter S. Thompson - The world is still a weird place, despite my efforts to make clear and perfect sense of it.
Hunter S. Thompson - Buy the ticket, take the ride.
Hunter S. Thompson - Yesterday's weirdness is tomorrow's reason why.
Hunter S. Thompson - As long as I'm learning something, I figure I'm OK - it's a decent day.
Hunter S. Thompson - For every moment of triumph, for every instance of beauty, many souls must be trampled.
Hunter S. Thompson - In my heart, I am always a Raider.
Ian Anderson - I'm very much an observer and a conduit of thoughts and ideas.
Ian Anderson - I can never make up my mind if I'm happy being a flute player, or if I wish I were Eric Clapton.
Ian Anderson - A lot of pop music is about stealing pocket money from children.
Ian Anderson - It's only the giving that makes you what you are.
Ian Anderson - I'm really terrible with small children; they're small, noisy, irritating, damp and soggy.
Ian Anderson - Seek that which within lies waiting to begin the fight of your life that is everyday.
Ian Anderson - I've always been fond of acoustic music.
Ian Anderson - Touring is what you make it. I like to organise as much as possible myself.
Ian Anderson - Our politicians may fail us, but Status Quo always delivers on the promise.
Ian Anderson - I'm not one for Sudoku or crosswords - the thing that fires my little brain is doing tour budgets.
Ice Cube - I think, to me, reality is better than being fake.
Ice Cube - Don't worry about being a star, worry about doing good work, and all that will come to you.
Ice Cube - I love music. It's freedom, a way to deal with pent-up frustration.
Ice Cube - Truth is the ultimate power. When the truth comes around, all the lies have to run and hide.
Ice Cube - I think the worst thing you can do about a situation is nothing.
Ice Cube - If you think about stuff that happened when you were young, it stays with you forever.
Ice Cube - I think I'm unique to the game 'cause of my versatility.
Ice Cube - South Central is just who I am.
Ice Cube - Sports without music, it's nothing but a game. Music adds the emotion.
Ice Cube - Doing it your own way, not having to go exactly by the book to be successful.
Ice T - A good emcee will rhyme a lot of different ways. Don't limit yourself.
Ice T - If somebody wants to kill people, they don't need a gun to do it.
Ice T - You can't come out on a record dissing the system and be on a label that's connected to the system.
Ice T - Ultimately I am happy that everybody is embracing hip hop and the sounds from the streets.
Ice T - I make an effort to keep it as real as I possibly can.
Ice T - I'm a big fan of all styles, even Biggie and Wu-Tang, but I gotta do my thing.
Ice T - I've never been competitive with anybody but myself.
Ice T - I don't have to put out another rap record. I can do it at my casual pace.
Ice T - If you're really a rapper, you can't stop rapping.
Ice T - When you start a business, go for the lowest hanging fruit.
Igor Stravinsky - My music is best understood by children and animals.
Igor Stravinsky - Harpists spend 90 percent of their lives tuning their harps and 10 percent playing out of tune.
Igor Stravinsky - Lesser artists borrow, great artists steal.
Igor Stravinsky - Is it not by love alone that we succeed in penetrating to the very essence of being?
Igor Stravinsky - What gives the artist real prestige is his imitators.
Igor Stravinsky - Sins cannot be undone, only forgiven.
Igor Stravinsky - In order to create there must be a dynamic force, and what force is more potent than love?
Igor Stravinsky - I haven't understood a bar of music in my life, but I have felt it.
Igor Stravinsky - Too many pieces of music finish too long after the end.
Igor Stravinsky - To listen is an effort, and just to hear is no merit. A duck hears also.
Imelda Marcos - I did not have three thousand pairs of shoes, I had one thousand and sixty.
Imelda Marcos - Doesn't the fight for survival also justify swindle and theft? In self defence, anything goes.
Imelda Marcos - Win or lose, we go shopping after the election.
Imelda Marcos - I love everybody. One of the great things about me is that I have a very positive attitude.
Imelda Marcos - If you know how much you've got, you probably haven't got much.
Imelda Marcos - God is love. I have loved. Therefore, I will go to heaven.
Imelda Marcos - I hate ugliness. You know I'm allergic to ugliness.
Imelda Marcos - It's the rich you can terrorize. The poor have nothing to lose.
Imelda Marcos - We practically own everything in the Philippines.
Imelda Marcos - I was no Marie Antoinette. I was not born to nobility, but I had a human right to nobility.
Immanuel Kant - Science is organized knowledge. Wisdom is organized life.
Immanuel Kant - Two things awe me most, the starry sky above me and the moral law within me.
Immanuel Kant - Live your life as though your every act were to become a universal law.
Immanuel Kant - Thoughts without content are empty, intuitions without concepts are blind.
Immanuel Kant - May you live your life as if the maxim of your actions were to become universal law.
Immanuel Kant - To be is to do.
Immanuel Kant - If man makes himself a worm he must not complain when he is trodden on.
Immanuel Kant - It is beyond a doubt that all our knowledge begins with experience.
Immanuel Kant - Out of timber so crooked as that from which man is made nothing entirely straight can be carved.
Immanuel Kant - It is not God's will merely that we should be happy, but that we should make ourselves happy.
Indira Gandhi - People tend to forget their duties but remember their rights.
Indira Gandhi - You must learn to be still in the midst of activity and to be vibrantly alive in repose.
Indira Gandhi - Martyrdom does not end something, it only a beginning.
Indira Gandhi - All my games were political games; I was, like Joan of Arc, perpetually being burned at the stake.
Indira Gandhi - I am not a person to be pressured - by anybody or any nation.
Indira Gandhi - The power to question is the basis of all human progress.
Indira Gandhi - You cannot shake hands with a clenched fist.
Indira Gandhi - Forgiveness is a virtue of the brave.
Indira Gandhi - There is not love where there is no will.
Indira Gandhi - The collective judgment of the electorate must be respected.
Ira Glass - In most daily journalism, you only fact-check something if it seems a little fishy.
Ira Glass - The flakier your mission, the fiercer you have to be on the business side.
Ira Glass - I suppose I shouldn't go around admitting I speak untruths on the radio.
Ira Glass - I think stories get better the more people try to amuse themselves.
Ira Glass - I am mostly a pretty worried person. In conversations, I am always worried about what to say.
Ira Glass - I have a pit bull. He's a rescue. He's adorable.
Ira Glass - Just when did I get to the point when staying at a hotel wasn't fun?
Ira Glass - I don't take care of my voice at all, which is one reason that I sound as bad as I do.
Ira Glass - I just have a harder time, I think, feeling close to people without self consciousness.
Ira Glass - I have been shocked at the number of people who don't watch television.
Isaac Asimov - People who think they know everything are a great annoyance to those of us who do.
Isaac Asimov - Writing, to me, is simply thinking through my fingers.
Isaac Asimov - I do not fear computers. I fear the lack of them.
Isaac Asimov - The true delight is in the finding out rather than in the knowing.
Isaac Asimov - Never let your sense of morals get in the way of doing what's right.
Isaac Asimov - Violence is the last refuge of the incompetent.
Isaac Asimov - Life is pleasant. Death is peaceful. It's the transition that's troublesome.
Isaac Asimov - If knowledge can create problems, it is not through ignorance that we can solve them.
Isaac Asimov - Self-education is, I firmly believe, the only kind of education there is.
Isaac Asimov - There is a single light of science, and to brighten it anywhere is to brighten it everywhere.
Isaac Newton - We build too many walls and not enough bridges.
Isaac Newton - Truth is ever to be found in simplicity, and not in the multiplicity and confusion of things.
Isaac Newton - If I have seen further than others, it is by standing upon the shoulders of giants.
Isaac Newton - To every action there is always opposed an equal reaction.
Isaac Newton - My powers are ordinary. Only my application brings me success.
Isaac Newton - I can calculate the motion of heavenly bodies, but not the madness of people.
Isaac Newton - In the absence of any other proof, the thumb alone would convince me of God's existence.
Isaac Newton - Errors are not in the art but in the artificers.
Isaac Newton - It is the weight, not numbers of experiments that is to be regarded.
Isaac Newton - Tact is the art of making a point without making an enemy.
Isabel Allende - My life is about ups and downs, great joys and great losses.
Isabel Allende - What I fear most is power with impunity. I fear abuse of power, and the power to abuse.
Isabel Allende - I tend to see the similarities in people and not the differences.
Isabel Allende - Roots are not in landscape or a country, or a people, they are inside you.
Isabel Allende - Heart is what drives us and determines our fate.
Isabel Allende - I have learned many things in the 30 years that I have been writing.
Isabel Allende - I don't want an uneventful and safe life, I prefer an adventurous one.
Isabel Allende - I was a lousy journalist. I could never be objective. Sometimes I invented the whole story.
Isabel Allende - If I didn't write my soul would dry up and die.
Isabel Allende - My writing comes not from the happy moments, but from struggle and grief.
Ivanka Trump - Real estate is my life. It is my day job, if you will. But it consumes my nights and weekends, too.
Ivanka Trump - If people think they can elicit from me whatever terms they want, they are mistaken.
Ivanka Trump - Everything about mediocrity kills me.
Ivanka Trump - I hate having people sit in on meetings.
Ivanka Trump - If people think I'm just the boss's daughter, they're deceived.
Ivanka Trump - I think my mom threatened to put me up for adoption a few times.
Ivanka Trump - Modeling was not an endgame for me. I didn't particularly enjoy the act of it.
Ivanka Trump - I'm not a clone, and I'm not a minion.
Ivanka Trump - I like very strong guys. Successful guys. Not necessarily financially.
Ivanka Trump - I always envisioned myself having a traditional and elegant wedding.
Iyanla Vanzant - All things are lessons that God would have us learn.
Iyanla Vanzant - Pain is pain, hurt is hurt, fear is fear, anger is anger, and it has no color.
Iyanla Vanzant - I'm really not that fierce.
Iyanla Vanzant - All of us have ways in which we mask and cover our pain.
Iyanla Vanzant - Comparison is an act of violence against the self.
Iyanla Vanzant - Everyone has something that blocks us from the full experience and expression of our nobility.
Iyanla Vanzant - People say I've had a difficult time in life. I think I've had an exciting time in life.
Iyanla Vanzant - The show is 'Fix My Life!' Get it? Life. I do not fix people.
Iyanla Vanzant - I'm focusing on healing lives and teaching people that they can heal - giving them tools to heal.
Iyanla Vanzant - I grew up in the Holiness Church, where prayer was an event.
J. Cole - I feel like this: Whatever is in your path and in your heart, you need to do.
J. Cole - Anything I do, I want to do it well.
J. Cole - I've always been an underdog. I feel like I beat the odds.
J. Cole - My fans love me for me, my beats, my rhymes.
J. Cole - I still wanna rap better than everybody else, and I wanna say important things.
J. Cole - I had a lot of resistance, and not just to fame. I was always conscious of not changing.
J. Cole - You can't reverse fame. You can lose all the money, but you'll never lose people knowing you.
J. Cole - No rapper in the world from Jay-Z to Tupac to Biggie has 100 percent love on everything they do.
J. Cole - I kinda like the idea of having an album that's all me.
J. Cole - I was a huge Mike Tyson fan growing up; his fights were always on in my house.
J. K. Rowling - Never trust anything that can think for itself if you can't see where it keeps its brain.
J. K. Rowling - It is our choices... that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities.
J. K. Rowling - If you want to see the true measure of a man, watch how he treats his inferiors, not his equals.
J. K. Rowling - Anything's possible if you've got enough nerve.
J. K. Rowling - The internet has been a boon and a curse for teenagers.
J. K. Rowling - I would like to be remembered as someone who did the best she could with the talent she had.
J. K. Rowling - It does not do to dwell on dreams and forget to live.
J. K. Rowling - I sometimes have a tendency to walk on the dark side.
J. K. Rowling - Indifference and neglect often do much more damage than outright dislike.
J. K. Rowling - What's coming will come and we'll just have to meet it when it does.
James A. Baldwin - The most dangerous creation of any society is the man who has nothing to lose.
James A. Baldwin - People are trapped in history and history is trapped in them.
James A. Baldwin - Love takes off masks that we fear we cannot live without and know we cannot live within.
James A. Baldwin - To be a Negro in this country and to be relatively conscious is to be in a rage almost all the time.
James A. Baldwin - To act is to be committed, and to be committed is to be in danger.
James A. Baldwin - Those who say it can't be done are usually interrupted by others doing it.
James A. Baldwin - The world is before you and you need not take it or leave it as it was when you came in.
James A. Baldwin - Love him and let him love you. Do you think anything else under heaven really matters?
James A. Baldwin - Be careful what you set your heart upon - for it will surely be yours.
James A. Baldwin - Anyone who has ever struggled with poverty knows how extremely expensive it is to be poor.
Jane Austen - There is nothing like staying at home for real comfort.
Jane Austen - There is no charm equal to tenderness of heart.
Jane Austen - To sit in the shade on a fine day and look upon verdure is the most perfect refreshment.
Jane Austen - Selfishness must always be forgiven you know, because there is no hope of a cure.
Jane Austen - Friendship is certainly the finest balm for the pangs of disappointed love.
Jane Austen - Life seems but a quick succession of busy nothings.
Jane Austen - To be fond of dancing was a certain step towards falling in love.
Jane Austen - Think only of the past as its remembrance gives you pleasure.
Jane Austen - In nine cases out of ten, a woman had better show more affection than she feels.
Jane Austen - We have all a better guide in ourselves, if we would attend to it, than any other person can be.
Jay-Z - Belief in oneself and knowing who you are, I mean, that's the foundation for everything great.
Jay-Z - The average rap life is two or three albums. You're lucky to get to your second album in rap!
Jay-Z - I think relationships are broken up because of the media.
Jay-Z - I love what I do, and when you love what you do, you want to be the best at it.
Jay-Z - I'm far from being god, but I work god damn hard.
Jay-Z - Your job is to inspire people from your neighborhood to get out.
Jay-Z - I was never a worker. And that's not even being arrogant. I was just never a worker.
Jay-Z - My first album didn't come out until I was 26.
Jay-Z - I don't sit around with my friends and talk about money, ever. On a record, that's different.
Jay-Z - No, I'm not interested in politics. I have zero interest. I have interest in hope and people.
Jeff Bezos - If you can't tolerate critics, don't do anything new or interesting.
Jeff Bezos - Life's too short to hang out with people who aren't resourceful.
Jeff Bezos - You don't want to negotiate the price of simple things you buy every day.
Jeff Bezos - My view is there's no bad time to innovate.
Jeff Bezos - I believe you have to be willing to be misunderstood if you're going to innovate.
Jeff Bezos - I think the definition of a book is changing.
Jeff Bezos - What's dangerous is not to evolve.
Jeff Bezos - It's not an experiment if you know it's going to work.
Jeff Bezos - Part of company culture is path-dependent - it's the lessons you learn along the way.
Jeff Bezos - If you don't understand the details of your business you are going to fail.
Jesus Christ - Do not let your hearts be troubled. Trust in God; trust also in me.
Jesus Christ - And know that I am with you always; yes, to the end of time.
Jesus Christ - I am the Way, the Truth, and the Life. No one comes to the Father except through me.
Jesus Christ - A new command I give you: Love one another. As I have loved you, so you must love one another.
Jesus Christ - For what shall it profit a man, if he gain the whole world, and suffer the loss of his soul?
Jesus Christ - Let the one among you who is without sin be the first to cast a stone.
Jesus Christ - Blessed are the merciful, for they will be shown mercy.
Jesus Christ - Blessed are the meek, for they will inherit the earth.
Jesus Christ - As the Father has loved me, so have I loved you.
Jesus Christ - All my authority in heaven and on earth has been given to me.
Jim Rohn - Happiness is not something you postpone for the future; it is something you design for the present.
Jim Rohn - Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishment.
Jim Rohn - Take care of your body. It's the only place you have to live.
Jim Rohn - Either you run the day or the day runs you.
Jim Rohn - If you don't like how things are, change it! You're not a tree.
Jim Rohn - If you are not willing to risk the unusual, you will have to settle for the ordinary.
Jim Rohn - Whatever good things we build end up building us.
Jim Rohn - The walls we build around us to keep sadness out also keeps out the joy.
Jim Rohn - You cannot change your destination overnight, but you can change your direction overnight.
Jim Rohn - Effective communication is 20% what you know and 80% how you feel about what you know.
Joel Osteen - When you focus on being a blessing, God makes sure that you are always blessed in abundance.
Joel Osteen - God made you a masterpiece - be blessed, secure, disciplined and equipped.
Joel Osteen - If you want to reap financial blessings, you have to sow financially.
Joel Osteen - Faith is about trusting God when you have unanswered questions.
Joel Osteen - If you don't set the tone for the day, the devil will set it for you.
Joel Osteen - Sometimes God will deliver you from the fire, and other times God will make you fireproof.
Joel Osteen - Let go of yesterday.
Joel Osteen - I like sports, and I enjoy playing basketball and lifting weights.
Joel Osteen - I'm not for gay marriage, but I'm not for discriminating against people.
Joel Osteen - A good thing to remember is somebody's got it a lot worse than we do.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe - He is happiest, be he king or peasant, who finds peace in his home.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe - The soul that sees beauty may sometimes walk alone.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe - Behavior is the mirror in which everyone shows their image.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe - Correction does much, but encouragement does more.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe - All theory, dear friend, is gray, but the golden tree of life springs ever green.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe - Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Willing is not enough; we must do.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe - A man's manners are a mirror in which he shows his portrait.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe - Magic is believing in yourself, if you can do that, you can make anything happen.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe - Personality is everything in art and poetry.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe - Love does not dominate; it cultivates.
John C. Maxwell - A leader is one who knows the way, goes the way, and shows the way.
John C. Maxwell - People may hear your words, but they feel your attitude.
John C. Maxwell - The secret of your success is determined by your daily agenda.
John C. Maxwell - Your attitude towards failure determines your altitude after failure.
John C. Maxwell - A minute of thought is greater than an hour of talk.
John C. Maxwell - Leaders must be close enough to relate to others, but far enough ahead to motivate them.
John C. Maxwell - Family and friendships are two of the greatest facilitators of happiness.
John C. Maxwell - Without failure there is no achievement.
John C. Maxwell - People buy into the leader before they buy into the vision.
John C. Maxwell - Enjoyment is an incredible energizer to the human spirit.
John F. Kennedy - If we cannot now end our differences, at least we can help make the world safe for diversity.
John F. Kennedy - The goal of education is the advancement of knowledge and the dissemination of truth.
John F. Kennedy - Leadership and learning are indispensable to each other.
John F. Kennedy - Things do not happen. Things are made to happen.
John F. Kennedy - Those who make peaceful revolution impossible will make violent revolution inevitable.
John F. Kennedy - Forgive your enemies, but never forget their names.
John F. Kennedy - My fellow Americans, ask not what your country can do for you, ask what you can do for your country.
John F. Kennedy - Efforts and courage are not enough without purpose and direction.
John F. Kennedy - Conformity is the jailer of freedom and the enemy of growth.
John F. Kennedy - If a free society cannot help the many who are poor, it cannot save the few who are rich.
John Muir - In every walk with nature one receives far more than he seeks.
John Muir - The clearest way into the Universe is through a forest wilderness.
John Muir - The power of imagination makes us infinite.
John Muir - The mountains are calling and I must go.
John Muir - When we try to pick out anything by itself, we find it hitched to everything else in the universe.
John Muir - How glorious a greeting the sun gives the mountains!
John Muir - Climb the mountains and get their good tidings.
John Muir - Sheep, like people, are ungovernable when hungry.
John Muir - To the lover of wilderness, Alaska is one of the most wonderful countries in the world.
John Muir - Of all the mountain ranges I have climbed, I like the Sierra Nevada the best.
John Wooden - The most important thing in the world is family and love.
John Wooden - Talent is God given. Be humble. Fame is man-given. Be grateful. Conceit is self-given. Be careful.
John Wooden - It's the little details that are vital. Little things make big things happen.
John Wooden - Whatever you do in life, surround yourself with smart people who'll argue with you.
John Wooden - Today is the only day. Yesterday is gone.
John Wooden - Winning takes talent, to repeat takes character.
John Wooden - Don't give up on your dreams, or your dreams will give up on you.
John Wooden - It's not so important who starts the game but who finishes it.
John Wooden - Don't let making a living prevent you from making a life.
John Wooden - Failure is not fatal, but failure to change might be.
Joseph Campbell - We must let go of the life we have planned, so as to accept the one that is waiting for us.
Joseph Campbell - Find a place inside where there's joy, and the joy will burn out the pain.
Joseph Campbell - A hero is someone who has given his or her life to something bigger than oneself.
Joseph Campbell - Follow your bliss and the universe will open doors where there were only walls.
Joseph Campbell - The privilege of a lifetime is being who you are.
Joseph Campbell - Your life is the fruit of your own doing. You have no one to blame but yourself.
Joseph Campbell - Your sacred space is where you can find yourself again and again.
Joseph Campbell - Opportunities to find deeper powers within ourselves come when life seems most challenging.
Joseph Campbell - The big question is whether you are going to be able to say a hearty yes to your adventure.
Joseph Campbell - Love is a friendship set to music.
Kanye West - I feel like I'm too busy writing history to read it.
Kanye West - Keep your nose out the sky, keep your heart to god, and keep your face to the raising sun.
Kanye West - Would you believe in what you believe in if you were the only one who believed it?
Kanye West - Nothing in life is promised except death.
Kanye West - Nobody can tell me where I can and can't go.
Kanye West - I know I got angels watchin me from the other side.
Kanye West - I will go down as the voice of this generation, of this decade, I will be the loudest voice.
Kanye West - I am Warhol. I am the No. 1 most impactful artist of our generation. I am Shakespeare in the flesh.
Kanye West - Fashion breaks my heart.
Kanye West - I was never really good at anything except for the ability to learn.
Karl Lagerfeld - Black-and-white always looks modern, whatever that word means.
Karl Lagerfeld - What I love best in life is new starts.
Karl Lagerfeld - The importance of logo into today's fashion is un! be! Lievable!
Karl Lagerfeld - I never look at my watch when I'm sketching!
Karl Lagerfeld - If there's something dangerous, sauces are dangerous for the body.
Karl Lagerfeld - I don't care if people I admire criticize me because their opinion is valuable to me.
Karl Lagerfeld - Don't dress to kill, dress to survive.
Karl Lagerfeld - I love to watch times change!
Karl Lagerfeld - I'm born with a pencil in my hand. I did lots of sketching.
Karl Lagerfeld - I eat fish, three times a week meat, and if not yogurt, something like this and it rarely continues.
Karl Marx - History repeats itself, first as tragedy, second as farce.
Karl Marx - The only antidote to mental suffering is physical pain.
Karl Marx - The production of too many useful things results in too many useless people.
Karl Marx - From each according to his abilities, to each according to his needs.
Karl Marx - Social progress can be measured by the social position of the female sex.
Karl Marx - The ruling ideas of each age have ever been the ideas of its ruling class.
Karl Marx - Nothing can have value without being an object of utility.
Karl Marx - Reason has always existed, but not always in a reasonable form.
Karl Marx - The theory of Communism may be summed up in one sentence: Abolish all private property.
Karl Marx - The history of all previous societies has been the history of class struggles.
Karl Pilkington - I'd rather live in a cave with a view of a palace than live in a palace with a view of a cave.
Karl Pilkington - I'm not that lazy, but I don't need that much money. I lead a fairly simple life.
Karl Pilkington - People who live in a glass house have to answer the door.
Karl Pilkington - I was impressed by the Taj Mahal. A good bit of work, well looked after, worth paying money to see.
Karl Pilkington - But I'm not an idiot. At the end of the day, I've learned a lot.
Karl Pilkington - A slug is always on its own. It's a lonely insect.
Karl Pilkington - It would be spiteful to put a Jellyfish in a trifle.
Karl Pilkington - I found that being with happy positive people annoys me.
Karl Pilkington - I just sort of go along and say what I think -and that's all you can do in life, really.
Karl Pilkington - People eat duck and you think, well, we've got loads of chickens, leave the ducks alone!
Keanu Reeves - Falling in love and having a relationship are two different things.
Keanu Reeves - I'm sorry my existence is not very noble or sublime.
Keanu Reeves - The simple act of paying attention can take you a long way.
Keanu Reeves - Grief changes shape, but it never ends.
Keanu Reeves - When the people you love are gone, you're alone.
Keanu Reeves - When I don't feel free and can't do what I want I just react. I go against it.
Keanu Reeves - I try not to think about my life. I have no life. I need therapy.
Keanu Reeves - It's fun to be hopelessly in love. It's dangerous, but it's fun.
Keanu Reeves - I believe in love at first sight. You want that connection, and then you want some problems.
Keanu Reeves - I just felt that if I went into Speed 2, I just... wouldn't have come up out of the water.
Keith Richards - You've got the sun, you've got the moon, and you've got the Rolling Stones.
Keith Richards - Let me be clear about this. I don't have a drug problem. I have a police problem.
Keith Richards - I look for ambiguity when I'm writing because life is ambiguous.
Keith Richards - I've always been suspicious of TV, I've always found music and video to be an unhappy marriage.
Keith Richards - It's great to be here. It's great to be anywhere.
Keith Richards - I mean some doctor told me I had six months to live and I went to their funeral.
Keith Richards - Everyone talks about rock these days; the problem is they forget about the roll.
Keith Richards - I have no idea what the audience makes of me.
Keith Richards - The only things Mick and I disagree about is the band, the music and what we do.
Keith Richards - It's an addiction... and addiction is something I should know something about.
Kendrick Lamar - If I'm gonna tell a real story, I'm gonna start with my name.
Kendrick Lamar - I'm constantly thinking.
Kendrick Lamar - It's easy to forget who you are.
Kendrick Lamar - I can't help the way you was born if you was gay.
Kendrick Lamar - I like to let things breathe.
Kendrick Lamar - I always tell people that if I move anywhere it would be Toronto.
Kendrick Lamar - I don't want to be something that just comes and goes.
Kendrick Lamar - I'm selfish.
Kendrick Lamar - It's a great, great experience to finally get the reception that you know you rightfully deserve.
Kendrick Lamar - God to me is love.
Kevin Hart - Men are like lions. We hunt.
Kevin Hart - My main goal is to be a self-made man and have control over what's mine.
Kevin Hart - I don't care how busy I am - I will always make time for what's most important to me.
Kevin Hart - A reputation as a hard worker is a good reputation to have.
Kevin Hart - The day you stop doing the small things is the day you think you're above everybody else.
Kevin Hart - It's a well-known fact that tall people are evil.
Kevin Hart - Being humble matters.
Kevin Hart - I love women with attitude.
Kevin Hart - I stayed true to my dreams and, eventually, they came true.
Kevin Hart - I love soft-cotton white T-shirts.
Kevin Spacey - Sometimes it's the crazy people who turn out to be not so crazy.
Kevin Spacey - You have to always be ready, always be alive, and always be willing to move in a new direction.
Kevin Spacey - Life's all about perceptions.
Kevin Spacey - We're all victims of our own hubris at times.
Kevin Spacey - I have always believed that the risk takers are eventually rewarded.
Kevin Spacey - I became a bit of a jerk. A kind of a nasty jerk.
Kevin Spacey - I accept the fact that some things don't go the way you hope.
Kevin Spacey - I'm used to people thinking I'm nuts. And you know what? I kind of love it.
Kevin Spacey - What's my favourite book? It changes all the time.
Kevin Spacey - Fundamentally, I like to accomplish things.
Khalil Gibran - Friendship is always a sweet responsibility, never an opportunity.
Khalil Gibran - For life and death are one, even as the river and the sea are one.
Khalil Gibran - Trust in dreams, for in them is hidden the gate to eternity.
Khalil Gibran - And ever has it been known that love knows not its own depth until the hour of separation.
Khalil Gibran - Your pain is the breaking of the shell that encloses your understanding.
Khalil Gibran - Yesterday is but today's memory, and tomorrow is today's dream.
Khalil Gibran - Forget not that the earth delights to feel your bare feet and the winds long to play with your hair.
Khalil Gibran - Doubt is a pain too lonely to know that faith is his twin brother.
Khalil Gibran - Zeal is a volcano, the peak of which the grass of indecisiveness does not grow.
Khalil Gibran - If your heart is a volcano, how shall you expect flowers to bloom?
Kim Kardashian - Having lots of siblings is like having built-in best friends.
Kim Kardashian - When there's so many haters and negative things, I really don't care.
Kim Kardashian - I promote a healthy lifestyle.
Kim Kardashian - I love to eat - Kit Kats or cookies-and-cream ice cream. I need sugar like five times a day.
Kim Kardashian - I am pretty honest about a lot of things that young girls question, like their body image.
Kim Kardashian - I get letters from little girls begging me to adopt them.
Kim Kardashian - People don't understand the pressure on me to look perfect.
Kim Kardashian - I love when people underestimate me and then become pleasantly surprised.
Kim Kardashian - I've made mistakes in my life for sure.
Kim Kardashian - I would absolutely characterize myself as ambitious.
Kin Hubbard - A loafer always has the correct time.
Kin Hubbard - Where ignorance is bliss it's foolish to borrow your neighbor's newspaper.
Kin Hubbard - Of all the home remedies, a good wife is best.
Kin Hubbard - Classical music is the kind we keep thinking will turn into a tune.
Kin Hubbard - Peace has its victories no less than war, but it doesn't have as many monuments to unveil.
Kin Hubbard - It's the good loser who finally loses out.
Kin Hubbard - It's going to be fun to watch and see how long the meek can keep the earth once they inherit it.
Kin Hubbard - It ain't a bad plan to keep still occasionally even when you know what you're talking about.
Kin Hubbard - Nothing is as irritating as the fellow who chats pleasantly while he's overcharging you.
Kin Hubbard - Honesty pays, but it doesn't seem to pay enough to suit some people.
Kobe Bryant - Everything negative - pressure, challenges - is all an opportunity for me to rise.
Kobe Bryant - Everyone looks at your watch and it represents who you are, your values and your personal style.
Kobe Bryant - I'm chasing perfection.
Kobe Bryant - I like playing for the purple and gold. This is where I want to finish up.
Kobe Bryant - If you're afraid to fail, then you're probably going to fail.
Kobe Bryant - Winning takes precedence over all. There's no gray area. No almosts.
Kobe Bryant - People just don't understand how obsessed I am with winning.
Kobe Bryant - I don't talk trash often, but when I do, I go for the jugular.
Kobe Bryant - The only thing I'm afraid of is bees. I don't like bees. I'm allergic to them.
Kobe Bryant - What people see on court is another side of me; it's not me.
Kurt Cobain - I'd rather be hated for who I am, than loved for who I am not.
Kurt Cobain - The duty of youth is to challenge corruption.
Kurt Cobain - The sun is gone, but I have a light.
Kurt Cobain - I never wanted to sing. I just wanted to play rhythm guitar - hide in the back and just play.
Kurt Cobain - Wanting to be someone else is a waste of the person you are.
Kurt Cobain - It's okay to eat fish because they don't have any feelings.
Kurt Cobain - If it's illegal to rock and roll, throw my ass in jail!
Kurt Cobain - A friend is nothing but a known enemy.
Kurt Cobain - I really miss being able to blend in with people.
Kurt Cobain - I like to complain and do nothing to make things better.
Kurt Vonnegut - We could have saved the Earth but we were too damned cheap.
Kurt Vonnegut - We are what we pretend to be, so we must be careful what we pretend to be.
Kurt Vonnegut - People aren't supposed to look back. I'm certainly not going to do it anymore.
Kurt Vonnegut - I tell you, we are here on Earth to fart around, and don't let anybody tell you different.
Kurt Vonnegut - Here we are, trapped in the amber of the moment. There is no why.
Kurt Vonnegut - People don't come to church for preachments, of course, but to daydream about God.
Kurt Vonnegut - The universe is a big place, perhaps the biggest.
Kurt Vonnegut - I asked myself about the present: how wide it was, how deep it was, how much was mine to keep.
Kurt Vonnegut - Anything can make me stop and look and wonder, and sometimes learn.
Kurt Vonnegut - It is a very mixed blessing to be brought back from the dead.
Larry David - I'm a walking, talking enigma. We're a dying breed.
Larry David - I don't like to make a big splash anyway.
Larry David - Trying on pants is one of the most humiliating things a man can suffer that doesn't involve a woman.
Larry David - I was planning on my future as a homeless person. I had a really good spot picked out.
Larry David - If I wasn't a golfer, I would still be miserable - but not as miserable.
Larry David - I'm surprised sometimes at how some of my actions are misinterpreted.
Larry David - I tend to stay with the panic. I embrace the panic.
Larry David - I think golf is literally an addiction. I'm surprised there's not Golf Anonymous.
Larry David - When you're not concerned with succeeding, you can work with complete freedom.
Lee Trevino - Pressure is when you play for five dollars a hole with only two in your pocket.
Lee Trevino - You can talk to a fade but a hook won't listen.
Lee Trevino - I'm not out there just to be dancing around. I expect to win every time I tee up.
Lee Trevino - Michael Jordan was a tremendous basketball player.
Lee Trevino - I'm not scared of very much. I've been hit by lightning and been in the Marine Corps for four years.
Lee Trevino - I stay away from the telephone if at all possible.
Lee Trevino - I adore the game of golf. I won't ever retire.
Lee Trevino - The older I get the better I used to be!
Lee Trevino - A hungry dog hunts best.
Lee Trevino - No one who ever had lessons would have a swing like mine.
Leo Buscaglia - Your talent is God's gift to you. What you do with it is your gift back to God.
Leo Buscaglia - Change is the end result of all true learning.
Leo Buscaglia - Don't brood. Get on with living and loving. You don't have forever.
Leo Buscaglia - A single rose can be my garden... a single friend, my world.
Leo Buscaglia - Worry never robs tomorrow of its sorrow, it only saps today of its joy.
Leo Buscaglia - Only the weak are cruel. Gentleness can only be expected from the strong.
Leo Buscaglia - Never idealize others. They will never live up to your expectations.
Leo Buscaglia - What we call the secret of happiness is no more a secret than our willingness to choose life.
Leo Buscaglia - If I don't have wisdom, I can teach you only ignorance.
Leo Buscaglia - Hugs make you feel psychologically more secure and together.
Leo Durocher - Baseball is like church. Many attend few understand.
Leo Durocher - God watches over drunks and third baseman.
Leo Durocher - I never questioned the integrity of an umpire. Their eyesight, yes.
Leo Durocher - You don't save a pitcher for tomorrow. Tomorrow it may rain.
Leo Durocher - Win any way you can as long as you can get away with it.
Leo Durocher - Show me a good loser and I'll show you an idiot.
Leo Durocher - I believe in rules. Sure I do. If there weren't any rules, how could you break them?
Leo Durocher - Some guys are admired for coming to play, as the saying goes. I prefer those who come to kill.
Leo Durocher - You argue with the umpire because there is nothing else you can do about it.
Leo Durocher - Winning is a habit.
Leo Tolstoy - The two most powerful warriors are patience and time.
Leo Tolstoy - If you want to be happy, be.
Leo Tolstoy - There is no greatness where there is no simplicity, goodness and truth.
Leo Tolstoy - The sole meaning of life is to serve humanity.
Leo Tolstoy - Art is not a handicraft, it is the transmission of feeling the artist has experienced.
Leo Tolstoy - Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself.
Leo Tolstoy - In the name of God, stop a moment, cease your work, look around you.
Leo Tolstoy - Even in the valley of the shadow of death, two and two do not make six.
Leo Tolstoy - True life is lived when tiny changes occur.
Leo Tolstoy - All happy families resemble one another, each unhappy family is unhappy in its own way.
Leonardo da Vinci - Tears come from the heart and not from the brain.
Leonardo da Vinci - Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication.
Leonardo da Vinci - Learning never exhausts the mind.
Leonardo da Vinci - As a well-spent day brings happy sleep, so a life well spent brings happy death.
Leonardo da Vinci - The noblest pleasure is the joy of understanding.
Leonardo da Vinci - Poor is the pupil who does not surpass his master.
Leonardo da Vinci - Nothing strengthens authority so much as silence.
Leonardo da Vinci - Art is never finished, only abandoned.
Leonardo da Vinci - Time abides long enough for those who make use of it.
Leonardo da Vinci - He who wishes to be rich in a day will be hanged in a year.
Les Brown - You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream.
Les Brown - Your smile will give you a positive countenance that will make people feel comfortable around you.
Les Brown - Shoot for the moon and if you miss you will still be among the stars.
Les Brown - Help others achieve their dreams and you will achieve yours.
Les Brown - Forgive yourself for your faults and your mistakes and move on.
Les Brown - Review your goals twice every day in order to be focused on achieving them.
Les Brown - Our ability to handle life's challenges is a measure of our strength of character.
Les Brown - Your goals are the road maps that guide you and show you what is possible for your life.
Les Brown - Honor your commitments with integrity.
Les Brown - If you take responsibility for yourself you will develop a hunger to accomplish your dreams.
Lewis Carroll - If you don't know where you are going, any road will get you there.
Lewis Carroll - Sometimes I've believed as many as six impossible things before breakfast.
Lewis Carroll - Who in the world am I? Ah, that's the great puzzle.
Lewis Carroll - Oh, 'tis love, 'tis love that makes the world go round.
Lewis Carroll - One of the secrets of life is that all that is really worth the doing is what we do for others.
Lewis Carroll - Begin at the beginning and go on till you come to the end; then stop.
Lewis Carroll - Always speak the truth, think before you speak, and write it down afterwards.
Lewis Carroll - We called him Tortoise because he taught us.
Lewis Carroll - She generally gave herself very good advice, (though she very seldom followed it).
Lewis Carroll - The rule is, jam tomorrow and jam yesterday - but never jam today.
Lil Wayne - I'm blessed and I thank God for every day for everything that happens for me.
Lil Wayne - I like people that enjoy life, 'cause I do the same.
Lil Wayne - I go wherever my creativity takes me.
Lil Wayne - I don't think life is about a pace, living slow or fast. I think you just live, y'know what I mean?
Lil Wayne - Hate is only a form love that hasn't found a way to express itself logically.
Lil Wayne - I don't want to be understood because if people understand me, they get tired of me.
Lil Wayne - Life is a lot like skateboarding.
Lil Wayne - Things I say have value and I would love for you to value them, however you get it.
Lil Wayne - As long as people remember me forever, that will be enough for me.
Lil Wayne - I want to make sure my family's straight.
Lord Byron - I only go out to get me a fresh appetite for being alone.
Lord Byron - Always laugh when you can. It is cheap medicine.
Lord Byron - The great art of life is sensation, to feel that we exist, even in pain.
Lord Byron - There is no instinct like that of the heart.
Lord Byron - Love will find a way through paths where wolves fear to prey.
Lord Byron - Sincerity may be humble but she cannot be servile.
Lord Byron - Opinions are made to be changed - or how is truth to be got at?
Lord Byron - Self-love for ever creeps out, like a snake, to sting anything which happens to stumble upon it.
Lord Byron - Where there is mystery, it is generally suspected there must also be evil.
Lord Byron - I am sure of nothing so little as my own intentions.
Lou Holtz - I follow three rules: Do the right thing, do the best you can, and always show people you care.
Lou Holtz - Do right. Do your best. Treat others as you want to be treated.
Lou Holtz - If what you did yesterday seems big, you haven't done anything today.
Lou Holtz - See, winners embrace hard work.
Lou Holtz - The key to winning is choosing to do God's will and loving others with all you've got.
Lou Holtz - In the successful organization, no detail is too small to escape close attention.
Lou Holtz - For victory in life, we've got to keep focused on the goal, and the goal is Heaven.
Lou Holtz - I think that we have opportunities all around us - sometimes we just don't recognize them.
Lou Holtz - I can't believe that God put us on this earth to be ordinary.
Lou Holtz - If you try to fight the course, it will beat you.
Louis C. K. - I don't stop eating when I'm full. The meal isn't over when I'm full. It's over when I hate myself.
Louis C. K. - Talking is always positive. That's why I talk too much.
Louis C. K. - Some entertainers don't pay attention to what's going on around them.
Louis C. K. - I've met a lot of people who've lost their jobs and they still have a sense of humor.
Louis C. K. - America's a family. We all yell at each other. It all works out.
Louis C. K. - It's a positive thing to talk about terrible things and make people laugh about them.
Louis C. K. - I've always loved boxing. It's something I've always been extremely excited about.
Louis C. K. - It's kind of awkward to eat alone in a restaurant because everybody's looking at me.
Louis C. K. - The problem is, the more famous you get, the more people see you who didn't choose to.
Louis C. K. - To me, art supplies are always okay to buy.
Lucius Annaeus Seneca - One of the most beautiful qualities of true friendship is to understand and to be understood.
Lucius Annaeus Seneca - It is a rough road that leads to the heights of greatness.
Lucius Annaeus Seneca - True happiness is... to enjoy the present, without anxious dependence upon the future.
Lucius Annaeus Seneca - Luck is a matter of preparation meeting opportunity.
Lucius Annaeus Seneca - We are more often frightened than hurt; and we suffer more from imagination than from reality.
Lucius Annaeus Seneca - A gift consists not in what is done or given, but in the intention of the giver or doer.
Lucius Annaeus Seneca - If one does not know to which port one is sailing, no wind is favorable.
Lucius Annaeus Seneca - A happy life is one which is in accordance with its own nature.
Lucius Annaeus Seneca - It is quality rather than quantity that matters.
Lucius Annaeus Seneca - A gem cannot be polished without friction, nor a man perfected without trials.
Lyndon B. Johnson - Yesterday is not ours to recover, but tomorrow is ours to win or lose.
Lyndon B. Johnson - Every man has a right to a Saturday night bath.
Lyndon B. Johnson - Jerry Ford is so dumb he can't fart and chew gum at the same time.
Lyndon B. Johnson - A President's hardest task is not to do what is right, but to know what is right.
Lyndon B. Johnson - There are no problems we cannot solve together, and very few that we can solve by ourselves.
Lyndon B. Johnson - I will do my best. That is all I can do. I ask for your help - and God's.
Lyndon B. Johnson - The Russians feared Ike. They didn't fear me.
Lyndon B. Johnson - You might say that Lyndon Johnson is a cross between a Baptist preacher and a cowboy.
Lyndon B. Johnson - When I was a boy we didn't wake up with Vietnam and have Cyprus for lunch and the Congo for dinner.
Lyndon B. Johnson - We live in a world that has narrowed into a neighborhood before it has broadened into a brotherhood.
Malcolm X - Education is the passport to the future, for tomorrow belongs to those who prepare for it today.
Malcolm X - I'm for truth, no matter who tells it. I'm for justice, no matter who it's for or against.
Malcolm X - The future belongs to those who prepare for it today.
Malcolm X - A man who stands for nothing will fall for anything.
Malcolm X - History proves that the white man is a devil.
Malcolm X - If you're not ready to die for it, put the word 'freedom' out of your vocabulary.
Malcolm X - Envy blinds men and makes it impossible for them to think clearly.
Malcolm X - If ballots won't work, bullets will.
Malcolm X - I don't even call it violence when it's in self defense; I call it intelligence.
Malcolm X - When ghetto living seems normal, you have no shame, no privacy.
Marcus Aurelius - Very little is needed to make a happy life; it is all within yourself, in your way of thinking.
Marcus Aurelius - You have power over your mind - not outside events. Realize this, and you will find strength.
Marcus Aurelius - The soul becomes dyed with the color of its thoughts.
Marcus Aurelius - Waste no more time arguing about what a good man should be. Be one.
Marcus Aurelius - It is not death that a man should fear, but he should fear never beginning to live.
Marcus Aurelius - The universe is change; our life is what our thoughts make it.
Marcus Aurelius - Look within. Within is the fountain of good, and it will ever bubble up, if thou wilt ever dig.
Marcus Aurelius - The best revenge is to be unlike him who performed the injury.
Marcus Aurelius - Reject your sense of injury and the injury itself disappears.
Marcus Aurelius - A man's worth is no greater than his ambitions.
Maria Montessori - Free the child's potential, and you will transform him into the world.
Maria Montessori - Early childhood education is the key to the betterment of society.
Maria Montessori - Never help a child with a task at which he feels he can succeed.
Maria Montessori - The child who concentrates is immensely happy.
Maria Montessori - One test of the correctness of educational procedure is the happiness of the child.
Maria Montessori - Establishing lasting peace is the work of education; all politics can do is keep us out of war.
Maria Montessori - The first idea the child must acquire is that of the difference between good and evil.
Maria Montessori - To aid life, leaving it free, however, that is the basic task of the educator.
Maria Montessori - We teachers can only help the work going on, as servants wait upon a master.
Maria Montessori - Education is a work of self-organization by which man adapts himself to the conditions of life.
Marilyn Monroe - I restore myself when I'm alone.
Marilyn Monroe - Give a girl the right shoes, and she can conquer the world.
Marilyn Monroe - A smart girl leaves before she is left.
Marilyn Monroe - I am trying to find myself. Sometimes that's not easy.
Marilyn Monroe - It's better to be unhappy alone than unhappy with someone - so far.
Marilyn Monroe - We are all of us stars, and we deserve to twinkle.
Marilyn Monroe - Sex is a part of nature. I go along with nature.
Marilyn Monroe - The nicest thing for me is sleep, then at least I can dream.
Marilyn Monroe - A woman knows by intuition, or instinct, what is best for herself.
Marilyn Monroe - We should all start to live before we get too old.
Martin Luther - Let the wife make the husband glad to come home, and let him make her sorry to see him leave.
Martin Luther - Even if I knew that tomorrow the world would go to pieces, I would still plant my apple tree.
Martin Luther - To be a Christian without prayer is no more possible than to be alive without breathing.
Martin Luther - Next to the Word of God, the noble art of music is the greatest treasure in the world.
Martin Luther - Every man must do two things alone; he must do his own believing and his own dying.
Martin Luther - Prayer is a strong wall and fortress of the church; it is a goodly Christian weapon.
Martin Luther - For where God built a church, there the Devil would also build a chapel.
Martin Luther - Pray, and let God worry.
Martin Luther - Music is the art of the prophets and the gift of God.
Martin Luther - The fewer the words, the better the prayer.
Martin Luther King, Jr. - In the End, we will remember not the words of our enemies, but the silence of our friends.
Martin Luther King, Jr. - Love is the only force capable of transforming an enemy into a friend.
Martin Luther King, Jr. - We must accept finite disappointment, but never lose infinite hope.
Martin Luther King, Jr. - Faith is taking the first step even when you don't see the whole staircase.
Martin Luther King, Jr. - Nothing in all the world is more dangerous than sincere ignorance and conscientious stupidity.
Martin Luther King, Jr. - Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere.
Martin Luther King, Jr. - A genuine leader is not a searcher for consensus but a molder of consensus.
Martin Luther King, Jr. - We are not makers of history. We are made by history.
Martin Luther King, Jr. - We may have all come on different ships, but we're in the same boat now.
Martin Luther King, Jr. - Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter.
Maya Angelou - If you don't like something, change it. If you can't change it, change your attitude.
Maya Angelou - Try to be a rainbow in someone's cloud.
Maya Angelou - If we lose love and self respect for each other, this is how we finally die.
Maya Angelou - A wise woman wishes to be no one's enemy; a wise woman refuses to be anyone's victim.
Maya Angelou - We may encounter many defeats but we must not be defeated.
Maya Angelou - I have a son, who is my heart. A wonderful young man, daring and loving and strong and kind.
Maya Angelou - When someone shows you who they are, believe them the first time.
Maya Angelou - I'm just someone who likes cooking and for whom sharing food is a form of expression.
Maya Angelou - If you have only one smile in you give it to the people you love.
Maya Angelou - Music was my refuge. I could crawl into the space between the notes and curl my back to loneliness.
Michael Jordan - Talent wins games, but teamwork and intelligence wins championships.
Michael Jordan - Just play. Have fun. Enjoy the game.
Michael Jordan - I can accept failure, everyone fails at something. But I can't accept not trying.
Michael Jordan - Some people want it to happen, some wish it would happen, others make it happen.
Michael Jordan - My heroes are and were my parents. I can't see having anyone else as my heroes.
Michael Jordan - Always turn a negative situation into a positive situation.
Michael Jordan - Limits, like fear, is often an illusion.
Michael Jordan - Sometimes, things may not go your way, but the effort should be there every single night.
Michael Jordan - I've always believed that if you put in the work, the results will come.
Michael Jordan - I never thought a role model should be negative.
Michelle Obama - Just try new things. Don't be afraid. Step out of your comfort zones and soar, all right?
Michelle Obama - There are still many causes worth sacrificing for, so much history yet to be made.
Michelle Obama - Success is only meaningful and enjoyable if it feels like your own.
Michelle Obama - Choose people who lift you up.
Michelle Obama - We need to do a better job of putting ourselves higher on our own 'to do' list.
Michelle Obama - I know what it feels like to struggle to get the education that you need.
Michelle Obama - You don't have to be somebody different to be important. You're important in your own right.
Michelle Obama - Do not be afraid to ask for help. Nobody gets through college on their own.
Michelle Obama - I've seen firsthand that being president doesn't change who you are. It reveals who you are.
Michelle Obama - Find people who will make you better.
Mick Jagger - Anything worth doing is worth overdoing.
Mick Jagger - Lose your dreams and you might lose your mind.
Mick Jagger - As long as my face is on page one, I don't care what they say about me on page seventeen.
Mick Jagger - It's all right letting yourself go, as long as you can get yourself back.
Mick Jagger - Thank you for leaving us alone but giving us enough attention to boost our egos.
Mick Jagger - Anarchy is the only slight glimmer of hope.
Mick Jagger - My secrets must be poetic to be believable.
Mick Jagger - People think they know you. They know the things about you that you have forgotten.
Mick Jagger - I have never wanted to give up performing on stage, but one day the tours will be over.
Mick Jagger - I'm very much against the secondary ticket market. I don't know anyone who isn't.
Mitch Hedberg - My fake plants died because I did not pretend to water them.
Mitch Hedberg - I don't have a girlfriend. But I do know a woman who'd be mad at me for saying that.
Mitch Hedberg - I wanted to buy a candle holder, but the store didn't have one. So I got a cake.
Mitch Hedberg - I wear a necklace, cause I wanna know when I'm upside down.
Mitch Hedberg - If carrots got you drunk, rabbits would be messed-up.
Mitch Hedberg - All these jokes have been pre-approved as funny by me.
Mitch Hedberg - Dogs are forever in the push up postion.
Mitch Hedberg - I'm against picketing, but I don't know how to show it.
Mitch Hedberg - When someone hands you a flyer, it's like they're saying here you throw this away.
Mitch Hedberg - I wish I could play little league now. I'd be way better than before.
Mother Teresa - Let us always meet each other with smile, for the smile is the beginning of love.
Mother Teresa - Peace begins with a smile.
Mother Teresa - We shall never know all the good that a simple smile can do.
Mother Teresa - Be faithful in small things because it is in them that your strength lies.
Mother Teresa - Loneliness and the feeling of being unwanted is the most terrible poverty.
Mother Teresa - Love begins at home, and it is not how much we do... but how much love we put in that action.
Mother Teresa - Spread love everywhere you go. Let no one ever come to you without leaving happier.
Mother Teresa - Joy is prayer; joy is strength: joy is love; joy is a net of love by which you can catch souls.
Mother Teresa - Love is a fruit in season at all times, and within reach of every hand.
Mother Teresa - If you can't feed a hundred people, then feed just one.
Muhammad Ali - It's lack of faith that makes people afraid of meeting challenges, and I believed in myself.
Muhammad Ali - It isn't the mountains ahead to climb that wear you out; it's the pebble in your shoe.
Muhammad Ali - He who is not courageous enough to take risks will accomplish nothing in life.
Muhammad Ali - Float like a butterfly, sting like a bee.
Muhammad Ali - Service to others is the rent you pay for your room here on earth.
Muhammad Ali - It's just a job. Grass grows, birds fly, waves pound the sand. I beat people up.
Muhammad Ali - I believe in the religion of Islam. I believe in Allah and peace.
Muhammad Ali - My principles are more important than the money or my title.
Muhammad Ali - Go up in an airplane. Go high enough, and it's like we don't even exist.
Muhammad Ali - Silence is golden when you can't think of a good answer.
Napoleon Bonaparte - You must not fight too often with one enemy, or you will teach him all your art of war.
Napoleon Bonaparte - Never interrupt your enemy when he is making a mistake.
Napoleon Bonaparte - A leader is a dealer in hope.
Napoleon Bonaparte - Death is nothing, but to live defeated and inglorious is to die daily.
Napoleon Bonaparte - If you wish to be a success in the world, promise everything, deliver nothing.
Napoleon Bonaparte - In politics stupidity is not a handicap.
Napoleon Bonaparte - Impossible is a word to be found only in the dictionary of fools.
Napoleon Bonaparte - History is a set of lies agreed upon.
Napoleon Bonaparte - The best cure for the body is a quiet mind.
Napoleon Bonaparte - Glory is fleeting, but obscurity is forever.
Napoleon Hill - Strength and growth come only through continuous effort and struggle.
Napoleon Hill - Patience, persistence and perspiration make an unbeatable combination for success.
Napoleon Hill - Great achievement is usually born of great sacrifice, and is never the result of selfishness.
Napoleon Hill - Education comes from within; you get it by struggle and effort and thought.
Napoleon Hill - A goal is a dream with a deadline.
Napoleon Hill - Victory is always possible for the person who refuses to stop fighting.
Napoleon Hill - If you cannot do great things, do small things in a great way.
Napoleon Hill - Your big opportunity may be right where you are now.
Napoleon Hill - The starting point of all achievement is desire.
Napoleon Hill - Money without brains is always dangerous.
Nas - I want to have fun. It's a beautiful life. You learn, you win, you lose, but you get up.
Nas - I just enjoy life now. I just enjoy every morning I get to wake up.
Nas - Once you make it to your point of making it, you'll appreciate the struggle.
Nas - The flaws, the mistakes I make - that's the real me.
Nas - I don't go out unless I'm working. My quality time is when I'm doing nothing.
Nas - Your look reflects what's happening in your mind. You gotta have some swag to you.
Nas - Anybody can be a rapper, but not anybody can be a classical artist.
Nas - I don't get jealousy, I don't get how people hate each other - I never did.
Nas - The sound of the '90s, to me, is a combination of soul and street - it's a feeling.
Nas - I love the art world, I love art galleries, I love what it means - I love art.
Neil deGrasse Tyson - The Universe is under no obligation to make sense to you.
Neil deGrasse Tyson - Rational thoughts never drive people's creativity the way emotions do.
Neil deGrasse Tyson - Science literacy is the artery through which the solutions of tomorrow's problems flow.
Neil deGrasse Tyson - There is no greater education than one that is self-driven.
Neil deGrasse Tyson - We live in the kind of society where, in almost all cases, hard work is rewarded.
Neil deGrasse Tyson - Space exploration is a force of nature unto itself that no other force in society can rival.
Neil deGrasse Tyson - Everyone should have their mind blown once a day.
Neil deGrasse Tyson - The theory of evolution, like the theory of gravity, is a scientific fact.
Neil deGrasse Tyson - Science is basically an inoculation against charlatans.
Neil deGrasse Tyson - I know of no time in human history where ignorance was better than knowledge.
Neil Gaiman - I wish being a beekeeper, which I am, gave you a free pass on the carbon footprint, but it doesn't.
Neil Gaiman - Is the chemical aftertaste the reason why people eat hot dogs, or is it some kind of bonus?
Neil Gaiman - Make good art.
Neil Gaiman - I think the short story is a very underrated art form. We know that novels deserve respect.
Neil Gaiman - Sometimes the best way to learn something is by doing it wrong and looking at what you did.
Neil Gaiman - The imagination is a muscle. If it is not exercised, it atrophies.
Neil Gaiman - I kept starting 'Anansi Boys' as a movie and stopping, and eventually wrote the novel and was happy.
Neil Gaiman - The world always seems brighter when you've just made something that wasn't there before.
Neil Gaiman - It is a fool's prerogative to utter truths that no one else will speak.
Neil Gaiman - Rock and roll stars have it much better than writers when they're on a tour.
Nelson Mandela - It always seems impossible until it's done.
Nelson Mandela - Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world.
Nelson Mandela - A good head and a good heart are always a formidable combination.
Nelson Mandela - Money won't create success, the freedom to make it will.
Nelson Mandela - After climbing a great hill, one only finds that there are many more hills to climb.
Nelson Mandela - To deny people their human rights is to challenge their very humanity.
Nelson Mandela - As long as poverty, injustice and gross inequality persist in our world, none of us can truly rest.
Nelson Mandela - Courageous people do not fear forgiving, for the sake of peace.
Nelson Mandela - There can be no keener revelation of a society's soul than the way in which it treats its children.
Nelson Mandela - Let freedom reign. The sun never set on so glorious a human achievement.
Niccolo Machiavelli - The wise man does at once what the fool does finally.
Niccolo Machiavelli - If an injury has to be done to a man it should be so severe that his vengeance need not be feared.
Niccolo Machiavelli - The more sand has escaped from the hourglass of our life, the clearer we should see through it.
Niccolo Machiavelli - It is better to be feared than loved, if you cannot be both.
Niccolo Machiavelli - The first method for estimating the intelligence of a ruler is to look at the men he has around him.
Niccolo Machiavelli - Politics have no relation to morals.
Niccolo Machiavelli - He who wishes to be obeyed must know how to command.
Niccolo Machiavelli - It is much more secure to be feared than to be loved.
Niccolo Machiavelli - It is double pleasure to deceive the deceiver.
Niccolo Machiavelli - Whosoever desires constant success must change his conduct with the times.
Nicki Minaj - Your victory is right around the corner. Never give up.
Nicki Minaj - Maybe your weird is my normal. Who's to say?
Nicki Minaj - If I'm traveling, I'll pack socks in my bag - really cute furry ones.
Nicki Minaj - I don't mind being called a weirdo.
Nicki Minaj - I don't want a wig that looks like a wig; I want one that could pass for a weave.
Nicki Minaj - I think a child may be the only thing that could give me true happiness.
Nicki Minaj - You should never feel afraid to become a piece of art. It's exhilarating.
Nicki Minaj - I don't need to Google myself.
Nicki Minaj - My whole life is about being Nicki Minaj now. It's a never-ending saga.
Nicki Minaj - Lavender is the new pink. I'll never stop wearing pink but I wanted to venture out.
Nicolas Cage - Every great story seems to begin with a snake.
Nicolas Cage - I think the paparazzi might have chased me out of Los Angeles.
Nicolas Cage - I know what it's like to meet someone you admire and have them be a complete jerk.
Nicolas Cage - Zoology has always been interesting to me. Nature is fascinating.
Nicolas Cage - I'm not afraid to play ugly - look at 'Adaptation.' I looked like a turd that a cat had coughed up.
Nicolas Cage - I don't drink blood, and last time I looked in the mirror, I had a reflection.
Nicolas Cage - Shock is still fun. I won't ever shut the door on it.
Nicolas Cage - As a teenager I was more of an anarchist, but now I want people to thrive and be harmonious.
Nicolas Cage - I think I jump around more when I'm alone.
Nicolas Cage - There's a fine line between the Method actor and the schizophrenic.
Noam Chomsky - If we don't believe in freedom of expression for people we despise, we don't believe in it at all.
Noam Chomsky - Colorless green ideas sleep furiously.
Noam Chomsky - Wanton killing of innocent civilians is terrorism, not a war against terrorism.
Noam Chomsky - Rational discussion is useful only when there is a significant base of shared assumptions.
Noam Chomsky - If there was an observer on Mars, they would probably be amazed that we have survived this long.
Noam Chomsky - Any dictator would admire the uniformity and obedience of the U.S. media.
Noam Chomsky - You never need an argument against the use of violence, you need an argument for it.
Noam Chomsky - It's a near miracle that nuclear war has so far been avoided.
Noam Chomsky - The elections are run by the same industries that sell toothpaste on television.
Noam Chomsky - If you're teaching today what you were teaching five years ago, either the field is dead or you are.
Norman Lear - So we gravitated to shows and issues and causes that made people care.
Norman Lear - I think the greater responsibility, in terms of morality, is where leadership begins.
Norman Lear - Originally, with all the shows, we went looking for belly laughs.
Norman Lear - In this nation, leadership is dollars.
Norman Lear - There was no real controversy with All In The Family. That came from the people on the business end.
Norman Lear - Nobody doubts my partisanship, but a lot of the activity is nonpartisan.
Norman Lear - When we went on the air, I didn't want to be interrupted for an act-one curtain.
Norman Lear - You're in the business - when you're a writer, producer, director - to get ratings.
Norman Lear - The American people may not be the best-educated, but they're very wise at heart.
Norman Lear - Even when they don't know who Nixon was, these shows will continue to play.
Norman Ralph Augustine - Motivation will almost always beat mere talent.
Norman Ralph Augustine - The early bird gets the worm. The early worm... gets eaten.
Norman Ralph Augustine - One of the most feared expressions in modern times is 'The computer is down.'
Norman Ralph Augustine - If stock market experts were so expert, they would be buying stock, not selling advice.
Norman Ralph Augustine - People do not win people fights. Lawyers do.
Norman Ralph Augustine - Bulls do not win bull fights. People do.
Norman Ralph Augustine - Simple systems are not feasible because they require infinite testing.
Norman Ralph Augustine - One should expect that the expected can be prevented, but the unexpected should have been expected.
Norman Ralph Augustine - The optimum committee has no members.
Norman Ralph Augustine - All too many consultants, when asked, 'What is 2 and 2?' respond, 'What do you have in mind?'
Norman Schwarzkopf - The more you sweat in peace, the less you bleed in war.
Norman Schwarzkopf - True courage is being afraid, and going ahead and doing your job anyhow, that's what courage is.
Norman Schwarzkopf - I do not want to be a pawn in a political campaign.
Norman Schwarzkopf - I do hunt, and I do fish, and I don't apologize to anybody for hunting and fishing.
Norman Schwarzkopf - Going to war without France is like going hunting without an accordion.
Norman Schwarzkopf - When placed in command, take charge.
Norman Schwarzkopf - The fun of fishing is catching 'em, not killing 'em.
Norman Schwarzkopf - The truth of the matter is that you always know the right thing to do. The hard part is doing it.
Norman Schwarzkopf - It takes a hero to be one of those men who goes into battle.
Norman Schwarzkopf - Any soldier worth his salt should be antiwar. And still there are things worth fighting for.
Norman Vincent Peale - Change your thoughts and you change your world.
Norman Vincent Peale - Christmas waves a magic wand over this world, and behold, everything is softer and more beautiful.
Norman Vincent Peale - It's always too early to quit.
Norman Vincent Peale - We struggle with the complexities and avoid the simplicities.
Norman Vincent Peale - The trouble with most of us is that we would rather be ruined by praise than saved by criticism.
Norman Vincent Peale - There is a real magic in enthusiasm. It spells the difference between mediocrity and accomplishment.
Norman Vincent Peale - Imagination is the true magic carpet.
Norman Vincent Peale - Four things for success: work and pray, think and believe.
Norman Vincent Peale - Getting people to like you is merely the other side of liking them.
Norman Vincent Peale - Be interesting, be enthusiastic... and don't talk too much.
P. J. O'Rourke - Gossip is what you say about the objects of flattery when they aren't present.
P. J. O'Rourke - Russians not only vehemently despise blacks, they believe Africa begins at the Ukraine border.
P. J. O'Rourke - I like making things. I have a wood shop at home. I am a terrible carpenter but I love doing it.
P. J. O'Rourke - Never wear anything that panics the cat.
P. J. O'Rourke - Any terrorism is an attack on libertarian values.
P. J. O'Rourke - Infant mortality and life expectancy are reasonable indicators of general well-being in a society.
P. J. O'Rourke - If government were a product, selling it would be illegal.
P. J. O'Rourke - Because of their size, parents may be difficult to discipline properly.
P. J. O'Rourke - Never be unfaithful to a lover, except with your wife.
P. J. O'Rourke - The world is being run by irresponsible spoiled brats.
P. T. Barnum - Every crowd has a silver lining.
P. T. Barnum - Fortune always favors the brave, and never helps a man who does not help himself.
P. T. Barnum - Money is in some respects life's fire: it is a very excellent servant, but a terrible master.
P. T. Barnum - Clowns are the pegs on which the circus is hung.
P. T. Barnum - Science is the pursuit of pure truth, and the systematizing of it.
P. T. Barnum - Medicine is the means by which we poor feeble creatures try to keep from dying or aching.
P. T. Barnum - Witchcraft is one of the most baseless, absurd, disgusting and silly of all the humbugs.
P. T. Barnum - Without promotion, something terrible happens... nothing!
P. T. Barnum - He who is without a newspaper is cut off from his species.
P. T. Barnum - Politics and government are certainly among the most important of practical human interests.
Pablo Picasso - The purpose of art is washing the dust of daily life off our souls.
Pablo Picasso - It takes a long time to become young.
Pablo Picasso - Colors, like features, follow the changes of the emotions.
Pablo Picasso - Youth has no age.
Pablo Picasso - Some painters transform the sun into a yellow spot, others transform a yellow spot into the sun.
Pablo Picasso - Painting is just another way of keeping a diary.
Pablo Picasso - All children are artists. The problem is how to remain an artist once he grows up.
Pablo Picasso - Who sees the human face correctly: the photographer, the mirror, or the painter?
Pablo Picasso - Everything you can imagine is real.
Pablo Picasso - Only put off until tomorrow what you are willing to die having left undone.
Patti Smith - As I grew up, one of my strongest allies has been my sister.
Patti Smith - My style says, 'Look at me, don't look at me.'
Patti Smith - In art and dream may you proceed with abandon. In life may you proceed with balance and stealth.
Patti Smith - I think I'm constantly in a state of adjustment.
Patti Smith - Maybe I'll be 48 and die in the gutter in Paris.
Patti Smith - People have the power to redeem the work of fools.
Patti Smith - My sunglasses are like my guitar.
Patti Smith - An artist is somebody who enters into competition with God.
Patti Smith - If I've learned one thing in life, it's not to be so judgmental of other people.
Patti Smith - I dreamed of having a book of my own, of writing one that I could put on a shelf.
Paulo Coelho - When you are enthusiastic about what you do, you feel this positive energy. It's very simple.
Paulo Coelho - Life was always a matter of waiting for the right moment to act.
Paulo Coelho - Be brave. Take risks. Nothing can substitute experience.
Paulo Coelho - No one can lie, no one can hide anything, when he looks directly into someone's eyes.
Paulo Coelho - When you want something, all the universe conspires in helping you to achieve it.
Paulo Coelho - You drown not by falling into a river, but by staying submerged in it.
Paulo Coelho - Love is a trap. When it appears, we see only its light, not its shadows.
Paulo Coelho - One is loved because one is loved. No reason is needed for loving.
Paulo Coelho - The good old days, when each idea had an owner, are gone forever.
Paulo Coelho - Every blessing ignored becomes a curse.
Pele - Enthusiasm is everything. It must be taut and vibrating like a guitar string.
Pele - Brazil eats, sleeps and drinks football. It lives football!
Pele - Everything is practice.
Pele - The level of football in England is the top. English football is the leader in the world.
Pele - The bicycle kick is not easy to do. I scored 1,283 goals, and only two or three were bicycle kicks.
Pele - Wherever you go, there are three icons that everyone knows: Jesus Christ, Pele and Coca-Cola.
Pele - A penalty is a cowardly way to score.
Pele - Pele doesn't die. Pele will never die. Pele is going to go on for ever.
Pele - If you don't give education to people, it is easy to manipulate them.
Peter Drucker - Management is doing things right; leadership is doing the right things.
Peter Drucker - The most important thing in communication is hearing what isn't said.
Peter Drucker - The entrepreneur always searches for change, responds to it, and exploits it as an opportunity.
Peter Drucker - Rank does not confer privilege or give power. It imposes responsibility.
Peter Drucker - Efficiency is doing things right; effectiveness is doing the right things.
Peter Drucker - Today knowledge has power. It controls access to opportunity and advancement.
Peter Drucker - The best way to predict the future is to create it.
Peter Drucker - Time is the scarcest resource and unless it is managed nothing else can be managed.
Peter Drucker - There is nothing so useless as doing efficiently that which should not be done at all.
Peter Drucker - Most of what we call management consists of making it difficult for people to get their work done.
Phil McGraw - Sometimes you make the right decision, sometimes you make the decision right.
Phil McGraw - It's better to be healthy alone than sick with someone else.
Phil McGraw - You're only lonely if you're not there for you.
Phil McGraw - Everyone faces the challenge of finding meaning to their suffering.
Phil McGraw - Sometimes you just got to give yourself what you wish someone else would give you.
Phil McGraw - You don't need a pack of wild horses to learn how to make a sandwich.
Phil McGraw - Successful weight loss takes programming, not willpower.
Phil McGraw - You don't need a rope to pinch a stranger's butt.
Phil McGraw - It's so much easier to tell people what they want to hear instead of what they need to hear.
Phil McGraw - Awareness without action is worthless.
Pierre Teilhard de Chardin - The most satisfying thing in life is to have been able to give a large part of one's self to others.
Pierre Teilhard de Chardin - Growing old is like being increasingly penalized for a crime you haven't committed.
Pierre Teilhard de Chardin - Love is a sacred reserve of energy; it is like the blood of spiritual evolution.
Pierre Teilhard de Chardin - It doesn't matter if the water is cold or warm if you're going to have to wade through it anyway.
Pierre Teilhard de Chardin - Being happy is a matter of personal taste.
Pierre Teilhard de Chardin - It is our duty as men and women to proceed as though the limits of our abilities do not exist.
Pierre Teilhard de Chardin - The world is round so that friendship may encircle it.
Pierre Teilhard de Chardin - The universe as we know it is a joint product of the observer and the observed.
Pierre Teilhard de Chardin - He that will believe only what he can fully comprehend must have a long head or a very short creed.
Pierre Teilhard de Chardin - Evolution is a light illuminating all facts, a curve that all lines must follow.
Plato - Wise men speak because they have something to say; Fools because they have to say something.
Plato - Music is the movement of sound to reach the soul for the education of its virtue.
Plato - Thinking: the talking of the soul with itself.
Plato - You can discover more about a person in an hour of play than in a year of conversation.
Plato - Human behavior flows from three main sources: desire, emotion, and knowledge.
Plato - The beginning is the most important part of the work.
Plato - The greatest wealth is to live content with little.
Plato - Courage is knowing what not to fear.
Plato - The direction in which education starts a man will determine his future in life.
Plato - There are three classes of men; lovers of wisdom, lovers of honor, and lovers of gain.
Pope Francis - Life is a journey. When we stop, things don't go right.
Pope Francis - Christmas is joy, religious joy, an inner joy of light and peace.
Pope Francis - Find new ways to spread the word of God to every corner of the world.
Pope Francis - We all have the duty to do good.
Pope Francis - A little bit of mercy makes the world less cold and more just.
Pope Francis - Right now, we don't have a very good relation with creation.
Pope Francis - Wretched are those who are vindictive and spiteful.
Pope Francis - The people of God want pastors, not clergy acting like bureaucrats or government officials.
Pope Francis - Young people are just as attracted to the truth as they are convenience and expediency.
Pope Francis - You cannot be in a position of power and destroy the life of another person.
Pope John Paul II - An excuse is worse and more terrible than a lie, for an excuse is a lie guarded.
Pope John Paul II - As the family goes, so goes the nation and so goes the whole world in which we live.
Pope John Paul II - Freedom consists not in doing what we like, but in having the right to do what we ought.
Pope John Paul II - Violence and arms can never resolve the problems of men.
Pope John Paul II - Stupidity is also a gift of God, but one mustn't misuse it.
Pope John Paul II - The future starts today, not tomorrow.
Pope John Paul II - Love is never defeated, and I could add, the history of Ireland proves it.
Pope John Paul II - I have a sweet tooth for song and music. This is my Polish sin.
Pope John Paul II - Do not abandon yourselves to despair. We are the Easter people and hallelujah is our song.
Pope John Paul II - I hope to have communion with the people, that is the most important thing.
Post Malone - You just got with the flow because life is just all about how you feel.
Post Malone - I'm just myself. That's the best way to put it.
Post Malone - I like to be quiet and play guitar and just chill.
Post Malone - I don't know what people think of me.
Post Malone - Stevie Nicks is dope.
Post Malone - I'm just a fun guy.
Post Malone - I'm hungry. I'm ready to grow.
Post Malone - I might wear skinny pants one day; I might wear thrift shop pants the next day.
Post Malone - If you like something, rock it. If you want to rock a cape every day, go for it.
Post Malone - I'm a pretty happy guy.
Prince - There's a dark side to everything.
Prince - Despite everything, no one can dictate who you are to other people.
Prince - The key to longevity is to learn every aspect of music that you can.
Prince - I like constructive criticism from smart people.
Prince - Too much freedom can lead to the soul's decay.
Prince - Each audience is different.
Prince - If you look in the Bible there's no birthdays.
Prince - I have friends that are gay, and we study the Bible together.
Prince - I don't talk about the past.
Prince - I ain't mad at anybody. I don't have any enemies.
Princess Diana - Family is the most important thing in the world.
Princess Diana - If you find someone you love in your life, then hang on to that love.
Princess Diana - I don't go by the rule book... I lead from the heart, not the head.
Princess Diana - I like to be a free spirit. Some don't like that, but that's the way I am.
Princess Diana - Being a princess isn't all it's cracked up to be.
Princess Diana - When you are happy you can forgive a great deal.
Princess Diana - Life is just a journey.
Princess Diana - You can't comfort the afflicted with afflicting the comfortable.
Princess Diana - Only do what your heart tells you.
Princess Diana - I wear my heart on my sleeve.
Rabindranath Tagore - You can't cross the sea merely by standing and staring at the water.
Rabindranath Tagore - Let your life lightly dance on the edges of Time like dew on the tip of a leaf.
Rabindranath Tagore - Beauty is truth's smile when she beholds her own face in a perfect mirror.
Rabindranath Tagore - The butterfly counts not months but moments, and has time enough.
Rabindranath Tagore - Faith is the bird that feels the light when the dawn is still dark.
Rabindranath Tagore - Don't limit a child to your own learning, for he was born in another time.
Rabindranath Tagore - Trees are the earth's endless effort to speak to the listening heaven.
Rabindranath Tagore - By plucking her petals, you do not gather the beauty of the flower.
Rabindranath Tagore - Love does not claim possession, but gives freedom.
Rabindranath Tagore - Depth of friendship does not depend on length of acquaintance.
Ralph Waldo Emerson - People only see what they are prepared to see.
Ralph Waldo Emerson - With the past, I have nothing to do; nor with the future. I live now.
Ralph Waldo Emerson - What lies behind you and what lies in front of you, pales in comparison to what lies inside of you.
Ralph Waldo Emerson - Nature always wears the colors of the spirit.
Ralph Waldo Emerson - It is one of the blessings of old friends that you can afford to be stupid with them.
Ralph Waldo Emerson - For every minute you remain angry, you give up sixty seconds of peace of mind.
Ralph Waldo Emerson - Adopt the pace of nature: her secret is patience.
Ralph Waldo Emerson - Love of beauty is taste. The creation of beauty is art.
Ralph Waldo Emerson - If the stars should appear but one night every thousand years how man would marvel and stare.
Ralph Waldo Emerson - Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.
Ray Bradbury - Jump, and you will find out how to unfold your wings as you fall.
Ray Bradbury - Living at risk is jumping off the cliff and building your wings on the way down.
Ray Bradbury - There are worse crimes than burning books. One of them is not reading them.
Ray Bradbury - You must stay drunk on writing so reality cannot destroy you.
Ray Bradbury - Video games are a waste of time for men with nothing else to do. Real brains don't do that.
Ray Bradbury - If God treats you well by teaching you a disastrous lesson, you never forget it.
Ray Bradbury - I discovered me in the library. I went to find me in the library.
Ray Bradbury - We are an impossibility in an impossible universe.
Ray Bradbury - I love all of the arts. I love motion pictures. I love stage. I love theater.
Ray Bradbury - Journalism keeps you planted in the earth.
Ric Flair - Space Mountain may be the oldest ride in the park, but it has the longest line.
Ric Flair - Without your health, you've got nothing going on. I thank God every day for good health.
Ric Flair - All the women want to be with me, all the men want to be like me.
Ric Flair - To be the man, you gotta beat the man!
Ric Flair - In order to be the man, you have to beat the man.
Ric Flair - I'm every woman's dream and every man's nightmare.
Ric Flair - None of this was written to hurt anybody's feelings.
Ric Flair - If you don't like it, learn to love it!
Ric Flair - I bleed like nobody else.
Ric Flair - I can take more punishment than anyone in the business.
Richard Branson - You don't learn to walk by following rules. You learn by doing, and by falling over.
Richard Branson - Do not be embarrassed by your failures, learn from them and start again.
Richard Branson - Business opportunities are like buses, there's always another one coming.
Richard Branson - A good leader doesn't get stuck behind a desk.
Richard Branson - Starting your own business isn't just a job - it's a way of life.
Richard Branson - Material things are delightful, but they're not important.
Richard Branson - I believe in benevolent dictatorship provided I am the dictator.
Richard Branson - A business has to be involving, it has to be fun, and it has to exercise your creative instincts.
Richard Branson - The art of delegation is one of the key skills any entrepreneur must master.
Richard Branson - Like getting into a bleeding competition with a blood bank.
Richard Dawkins - By all means let's be open-minded, but not so open-minded that our brains drop out.
Richard Dawkins - A delusion is something that people believe in despite a total lack of evidence.
Richard Dawkins - If something is true, no amount of wishful thinking will change it.
Richard Dawkins - Discrimination is not liberal. Arguing against discrimination is not intolerance.
Richard Dawkins - We admit that we are like apes, but we seldom realise that we are apes.
Richard Dawkins - I am against religion because it teaches us to be satisfied with not understanding the world.
Richard Dawkins - How can you take seriously someone who likes to believe something because he finds it 'comforting'?
Richard Dawkins - My personal feeling is that understanding evolution led me to atheism.
Richard Dawkins - Islands are natural workshops of evolution.
Richard Dawkins - People believe the only alternative to randomness is intelligent design.
Richard P. Feynman - I was born not knowing and have had only a little time to change that here and there.
Richard P. Feynman - The first principle is that you must not fool yourself and you are the easiest person to fool.
Richard P. Feynman - What one fool can understand, another can.
Richard P. Feynman - If I could explain it to the average person, I wouldn't have been worth the Nobel Prize.
Richard P. Feynman - Once I get on a puzzle, I can't get off.
Richard P. Feynman - Reality must take precedence over public relations, for nature cannot be fooled.
Richard P. Feynman - See that the imagination of nature is far, far greater than the imagination of man.
Richard P. Feynman - I believe that a scientist looking at nonscientific problems is just as dumb as the next guy.
Richard P. Feynman - Physics has a history of synthesizing many phenomena into a few theories.
Richard P. Feynman - Gravitation is, so far, not understandable in terms of other phenomena.
Robert A. Heinlein - May you live as long as you wish and love as long as you live.
Robert A. Heinlein - Women and cats will do as they please, and men and dogs should relax and get used to the idea.
Robert A. Heinlein - I never learned from a man who agreed with me.
Robert A. Heinlein - Never underestimate the power of human stupidity.
Robert A. Heinlein - Everything is theoretically impossible, until it is done.
Robert A. Heinlein - Anyone who considers protocol unimportant has never dealt with a cat.
Robert A. Heinlein - The universe never did make sense; I suspect it was built on government contract.
Robert A. Heinlein - They didn't want it good, they wanted it Wednesday.
Robert A. Heinlein - You can have peace. Or you can have freedom. Don't ever count on having both at once.
Robert A. Heinlein - For me, politeness is a sine qua non of civilization.
Robert Baden-Powell - I believe that God put us in this jolly world to be happy and enjoy life.
Robert Baden-Powell - We never fail when we try to do our duty, we always fail when we neglect to do it.
Robert Baden-Powell - A Scout smiles and whistles under all circumstances.
Robert Baden-Powell - If you make listening and observation your occupation you will gain much more than you can by talk.
Robert Baden-Powell - Trust should be the basis for all our moral training.
Robert Baden-Powell - The spirit is there in every boy; it has to be discovered and brought to light.
Robert Baden-Powell - An individual step in character training is to put responsibility on the individual.
Robert Baden-Powell - The most worth-while thing is to try to put happiness into the lives of others.
Robert Baden-Powell - Success in training the boy depends largely on the Scoutmaster's own personal example.
Robert Baden-Powell - The more responsibility the Scoutmaster gives his patrol leaders, the more they will respond.
Robert Frost - The woods are lovely, dark and deep. But I have promises to keep, and miles to go before I sleep.
Robert Frost - In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on.
Robert Frost - Poetry is when an emotion has found its thought and the thought has found words.
Robert Frost - Forgive me my nonsense, as I also forgive the nonsense of those that think they talk sense.
Robert Frost - A diplomat is a man who always remembers a woman's birthday but never remembers her age.
Robert Frost - A jury consists of twelve persons chosen to decide who has the better lawyer.
Robert Frost - The best way out is always through.
Robert Frost - Nothing can make injustice just but mercy.
Robert Frost - Don't ever take a fence down until you know why it was put up.
Robert Frost - A liberal is a man too broadminded to take his own side in a quarrel.
Robert Kennedy - Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly.
Robert Kennedy - Some men see things as they are, and ask why. I dream of things that never were, and ask why not.
Robert Kennedy - Tragedy is a tool for the living to gain wisdom, not a guide by which to live.
Robert Kennedy - Progress is a nice word. But change is its motivator. And change has its enemies.
Robert Kennedy - One-fifth of the people are against everything all the time.
Robert Kennedy - Now I can go back to being ruthless again.
Robert Kennedy - I believe that, as long as there is plenty, poverty is evil.
Robert Kennedy - The free way of life proposes ends, but it does not prescribe means.
Robert Kennedy - The right to vote is the easiest of all rights to grant.
Robert Kennedy - In the last analysis, our every right is only worth what our lawyer makes it worth.
Robin Williams - No matter what people tell you, words and ideas can change the world.
Robin Williams - I'm sorry, if you were right, I'd agree with you.
Robin Williams - If women ran the world we wouldn't have wars, just intense negotiations every 28 days.
Robin Williams - You're only given a little spark of madness. You mustn't lose it.
Robin Williams - Why do they call it rush hour when nothing moves?
Robin Williams - If Heaven exists, to know that there's laughter, that would be a great thing.
Robin Williams - Never pick a fight with an ugly person, they've got nothing to lose.
Robin Williams - People say satire is dead. It's not dead; it's alive and living in the White House.
Robin Williams - Canada is like a loft apartment over a really great party.
Robin Williams - Comedy can be a cathartic way to deal with personal trauma.
Rodney Dangerfield - I found there was only one way to look thin: hang out with fat people.
Rodney Dangerfield - My wife wants sex in the back of the car and she wants me to drive.
Rodney Dangerfield - My wife was afraid of the dark... then she saw me naked and now she's afraid of the light.
Rodney Dangerfield - I drink too much. The last time I gave a urine sample it had an olive in it.
Rodney Dangerfield - This morning when I put on my underwear I could hear the fruit-of-the-loom guys laughing at me.
Rodney Dangerfield - I haven't spoken to my wife in years. I didn't want to interrupt her.
Rodney Dangerfield - The way my luck is running, if I was a politician I would be honest.
Rodney Dangerfield - My uncle's dying wish - he wanted me on his lap. He was in the electric chair.
Rodney Dangerfield - I told my dentist my teeth are going yellow. he told me to wear a brown tie.
Rodney Dangerfield - Some dog I got too. We call him Egypt. Because in every room he leaves a pyramid.
Ronald Reagan - Peace is not absence of conflict, it is the ability to handle conflict by peaceful means.
Ronald Reagan - We can't help everyone, but everyone can help someone.
Ronald Reagan - When you can't make them see the light, make them feel the heat.
Ronald Reagan - Life is one grand, sweet song, so start the music.
Ronald Reagan - If we ever forget that we are One Nation Under God, then we will be a nation gone under.
Ronald Reagan - Trust, but verify.
Ronald Reagan - Government's first duty is to protect the people, not run their lives.
Ronald Reagan - Recession is when a neighbor loses his job. Depression is when you lose yours.
Ronald Reagan - I've often said there's nothing better for the inside of a man than the outside of a horse.
Ronald Reagan - We are never defeated unless we give up on God.
Rumi - Let the beauty of what you love be what you do.
Rumi - Everything that is made beautiful and fair and lovely is made for the eye of one who sees.
Rumi - Beauty surrounds us, but usually we need to be walking in a garden to know it.
Rumi - We are born of love; Love is our mother.
Rumi - May this marriage be full of laughter, our every day in paradise.
Rumi - Don't grieve. Anything you lose comes round in another form.
Rumi - Woman is a ray of God. She is not that earthly beloved: she is creative, not created.
Rumi - Your depression is connected to your insolence and refusal to praise.
Rumi - May these vows and this marriage be blessed.
Rumi - Why should I be unhappy? Every parcel of my being is in full bloom.
Saint Augustine - Patience is the companion of wisdom.
Saint Augustine - The world is a book, and those who do not travel read only a page.
Saint Augustine - It was pride that changed angels into devils; it is humility that makes men as angels.
Saint Augustine - Faith is to believe what you do not see; the reward of this faith is to see what you believe.
Saint Augustine - Pray as though everything depended on God. Work as though everything depended on you.
Saint Augustine - The greatest evil is physical pain.
Saint Augustine - He that is jealous is not in love.
Saint Augustine - Seek not to understand that you may believe, but believe that you may understand.
Saint Augustine - God judged it better to bring good out of evil than to suffer no evil to exist.
Saint Augustine - Thou hast created us for Thyself, and our heart is not quiet until it rests in Thee.
Salvador Dali - Intelligence without ambition is a bird without wings.
Salvador Dali - Drawing is the honesty of the art. There is no possibility of cheating. It is either good or bad.
Salvador Dali - Have no fear of perfection - you'll never reach it.
Salvador Dali - The thermometer of success is merely the jealousy of the malcontents.
Salvador Dali - Each morning when I awake, I experience again a supreme pleasure - that of being Salvador Dali.
Salvador Dali - The only difference between me and a madman is that I'm not mad.
Salvador Dali - There are some days when I think I'm going to die from an overdose of satisfaction.
Salvador Dali - Those who do not want to imitate anything, produce nothing.
Salvador Dali - Let my enemies devour each other.
Salvador Dali - I seated ugliness on my knee, and almost immediately grew tired of it.
Samuel Johnson - Great works are performed not by strength but by perseverance.
Samuel Johnson - Kindness is in our power, even when fondness is not.
Samuel Johnson - My dear friend, clear your mind of cant.
Samuel Johnson - Agriculture not only gives riches to a nation, but the only riches she can call her own.
Samuel Johnson - Self-confidence is the first requisite to great undertakings.
Samuel Johnson - Revenge is an act of passion; vengeance of justice. Injuries are revenged; crimes are avenged.
Samuel Johnson - The true measure of a man is how he treats someone who can do him absolutely no good.
Samuel Johnson - Praise, like gold and diamonds, owes its value only to its scarcity.
Samuel Johnson - When making your choice in life, do not neglect to live.
Samuel Johnson - I look upon every day to be lost, in which I do not make a new acquaintance.
Sigmund Freud - We are never so defensless against suffering as when we love.
Sigmund Freud - I cannot think of any need in childhood as strong as the need for a father's protection.
Sigmund Freud - Time spent with cats is never wasted.
Sigmund Freud - Flowers are restful to look at. They have neither emotions nor conflicts.
Sigmund Freud - Dreams are often most profound when they seem the most crazy.
Sigmund Freud - The ego is not master in its own house.
Sigmund Freud - Being entirely honest with oneself is a good exercise.
Sigmund Freud - The mind is like an iceberg, it floats with one-seventh of its bulk above water.
Sigmund Freud - The voice of the intellect is a soft one, but it does not rest until it has gained a hearing.
Sigmund Freud - Love and work are the cornerstones of our humanness.
Simon Sinek - Leadership is not about the next election, it's about the next generation.
Simon Sinek - Leadership is a way of thinking, a way of acting and, most importantly, a way of communicating.
Simon Sinek - I find, when you're an optimist, life has a funny way of looking after you.
Simon Sinek - Leadership is absolutely about inspiring action, but it is also about guarding against mis-action.
Simon Sinek - Directions are instructions given to explain how. Direction is a vision offered to explain why.
Simon Sinek - There is no decision that we can make that doesn't come with some sort of balance or sacrifice.
Simon Sinek - The quality of a leader cannot be judged by the answers he gives, but by the questions he asks.
Simon Sinek - People don't buy what you do, they buy why you do it.
Simon Sinek - The most basic human desire is to feel like you belong. Fitting in is important.
Simon Sinek - Nike doesn't want to make products for everyone - they want to make products for champions.
Socrates - The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing.
Socrates - I know that I am intelligent, because I know that I know nothing.
Socrates - Our prayers should be for blessings in general, for God knows best what is good for us.
Socrates - The greatest way to live with honor in this world is to be what we pretend to be.
Socrates - To know, is to know that you know nothing. That is the meaning of true knowledge.
Socrates - From the deepest desires often come the deadliest hate.
Socrates - The unexamined life is not worth living.
Socrates - He is richest who is content with the least, for content is the wealth of nature.
Socrates - An honest man is always a child.
Socrates - Be slow to fall into friendship; but when thou art in, continue firm and constant.
Soren Kierkegaard - Prayer does not change God, but it changes him who prays.
Soren Kierkegaard - Life can only be understood backwards; but it must be lived forwards.
Soren Kierkegaard - Face the facts of being what you are, for that is what changes what you are.
Soren Kierkegaard - Life is not a problem to be solved, but a reality to be experienced.
Soren Kierkegaard - People demand freedom of speech as a compensation for the freedom of thought which they seldom use.
Soren Kierkegaard - Don't forget to love yourself.
Soren Kierkegaard - Our life always expresses the result of our dominant thoughts.
Soren Kierkegaard - The tyrant dies and his rule is over, the martyr dies and his rule begins.
Soren Kierkegaard - Patience is necessary, and one cannot reap immediately where one has sown.
Soren Kierkegaard - Boredom is the root of all evil - the despairing refusal to be oneself.
Stanley Kubrick - Art consists of reshaping life, but it does not create life nor cause life.
Stanley Kubrick - When a man cannot choose, he ceases to be a man.
Stanley Kubrick - You're an idealist, and I pity you as I would the village idiot.
Stanley Kubrick - The great nations have always acted like gangsters, and the small nations like prostitutes.
Stanley Kubrick - It's a mistake to confuse pity with love.
Stanley Kubrick - If it can be written, or thought, it can be filmed.
Stanley Kubrick - Here's to five miserable months on the wagon and the irreparable harm that it's caused me.
Stanley Kubrick - There are few things more fundamentally encouraging and stimulating than seeing someone else die.
Stanley Kubrick - A filmmaker has almost the same freedom as a novelist has when he buys himself some paper.
Stanley Kubrick - What do you take me for? A fourteen karat sucker?
Stephen Covey - The key is not to prioritize what's on your schedule, but to schedule your priorities.
Stephen Covey - Listen with the intent to understand, not the intent to reply.
Stephen Covey - There are three constants in life... change, choice and principles.
Stephen Covey - Listen with your eyes for feelings.
Stephen Covey - Accountability breeds response-ability.
Stephen Covey - Stop setting goals. Goals are pure fantasy unless you have a specific plan to achieve them.
Stephen Covey - Your most important work is always ahead of you, never behind you.
Stephen Covey - If we keep doing what we're doing, we're going to keep getting what we're getting.
Stephen Covey - The true identity theft is not financial. It's not in cyberspace. It's spiritual. It's been taken.
Stephen Covey - Strength lies in differences, not in similarities.
Stephen Hawking - Intelligence is the ability to adapt to change.
Stephen Hawking - People won't have time for you if you are always angry or complaining.
Stephen Hawking - However difficult life may seem, there is always something you can do and succeed at.
Stephen Hawking - Science is not only a disciple of reason but, also, one of romance and passion.
Stephen Hawking - We are all now connected by the Internet, like neurons in a giant brain.
Stephen Hawking - Work gives you meaning and purpose and life is empty without it.
Stephen Hawking - Life would be tragic if it weren't funny.
Stephen Hawking - One can't predict the weather more than a few days in advance.
Stephen Hawking - If I had to choose a superhero to be, I would pick Superman. He's everything that I'm not.
Stephen Hawking - Because there is a law such as gravity, the universe can and will create itself from nothing.
Stephen King - The trust of the innocent is the liar's most useful tool.
Stephen King - Monsters are real, and ghosts are real too. They live inside us, and sometimes, they win.
Stephen King - Life is like a wheel. Sooner or later, it always come around to where you started again.
Stephen King - French is the language that turns dirt into romance.
Stephen King - If you don't have the time to read, you don't have the time or the tools to write.
Stephen King - I am the literary equivalent of a Big Mac and fries.
Stephen King - We make up horrors to help us cope with the real ones.
Stephen King - I love crime, I love mysteries, and I love ghosts.
Stephen King - Fiction is the truth inside the lie.
Stephen King - God is cruel. Sometimes he makes you live.
Steve Jobs - Great things in business are never done by one person. They're done by a team of people.
Steve Jobs - Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower.
Steve Jobs - Be a yardstick of quality. Some people aren't used to an environment where excellence is expected.
Steve Jobs - Sometimes life hits you in the head with a brick. Don't lose faith.
Steve Jobs - Design is not just what it looks like and feels like. Design is how it works.
Steve Jobs - Stay hungry, stay foolish.
Steve Jobs - I believe life is an intelligent thing: that things aren't random.
Steve Jobs - It's not a faith in technology. It's faith in people.
Steve Jobs - Older people sit down and ask, 'What is it?' but the boy asks, 'What can I do with it?'.
Steve Jobs - Things don't have to change the world to be important.
Steven Wright - Whenever I think of the past, it brings back so many memories.
Steven Wright - Everywhere is within walking distance if you have the time.
Steven Wright - There's a fine line between fishing and just standing on the shore like an idiot.
Steven Wright - I'm writing a book. I've got the page numbers done.
Steven Wright - A lot of people are afraid of heights. Not me, I'm afraid of widths.
Steven Wright - I think it's wrong that only one company makes the game Monopoly.
Steven Wright - I intend to live forever. So far, so good.
Steven Wright - I busted a mirror and got seven years bad luck, but my lawyer thinks he can get me five.
Steven Wright - My friend has a baby. I'm recording all the noises he makes so later I can ask him what he meant.
Steven Wright - I was trying to daydream, but my mind kept wandering.
Sun Tzu - The supreme art of war is to subdue the enemy without fighting.
Sun Tzu - Know thy self, know thy enemy. A thousand battles, a thousand victories.
Sun Tzu - If you know the enemy and know yourself you need not fear the results of a hundred battles.
Sun Tzu - He will win who knows when to fight and when not to fight.
Sun Tzu - Know your enemy and know yourself and you can fight a hundred battles without disaster.
Sun Tzu - Invincibility lies in the defence; the possibility of victory in the attack.
Sun Tzu - Pretend inferiority and encourage his arrogance.
Sun Tzu - If your opponent is of choleric temper, irritate him.
Sun Tzu - Victory usually goes to the army who has better trained officers and men.
Sun Tzu - A good commander is benevolent and unconcerned with fame.
Sylvia Plath - Kiss me and you will see how important I am.
Sylvia Plath - I took a deep breath and listened to the old bray of my heart. I am. I am. I am.
Sylvia Plath - If you expect nothing from anybody, you're never disappointed.
Sylvia Plath - How frail the human heart must be - a mirrored pool of thought.
Sylvia Plath - Indecision and reveries are the anesthetics of constructive action.
Sylvia Plath - But life is long. And it is the long run that balances the short flare of interest and passion.
Sylvia Plath - How we need another soul to cling to.
Sylvia Plath - When you are insane, you are busy being insane - all the time.
Sylvia Plath - I am too pure for you or anyone.
Sylvia Plath - There must be quite a few things a hot bath won't cure, but I don't know many of them.
T. S. Eliot - Only those who will risk going too far can possibly find out how far one can go.
T. S. Eliot - I said to my soul, be still, and wait without hope, For hope would be hope for the wrong thing.
T. S. Eliot - So the darkness shall be the light, and the stillness the dancing.
T. S. Eliot - Home is where one starts from.
T. S. Eliot - Where is all the knowledge we lost with information?
T. S. Eliot - If you aren't in over your head, how do you know how tall you are?
T. S. Eliot - This is the way the world ends, not with a bang, but a whimper.
T. S. Eliot - People to whom nothing has ever happened cannot understand the unimportance of events.
T. S. Eliot - Anxiety is the hand maiden of creativity.
T. S. Eliot - I will show you fear in a handful of dust.
Taylor Swift - We don't need to share the same opinions as others, but we need to be respectful.
Taylor Swift - My ultimate goal is to end up being happy. Most of the time.
Taylor Swift - In a relationship each person should support the other; they should lift each other up.
Taylor Swift - I love making new friends and I respect people for a lot of different reasons.
Taylor Swift - Faith Hill is a big role model.
Taylor Swift - I think about food literally all day every day. It's a thing.
Taylor Swift - Anytime someone tells me that I can't do something, I want to do it more.
Taylor Swift - I have this really high priority on happiness and finding something to be happy about.
Taylor Swift - I've always strived to be successful, not famous.
Taylor Swift - There are no rules when it comes to love.
Theodore Roosevelt - Keep your eyes on the stars, and your feet on the ground.
Theodore Roosevelt - Believe you can and you're halfway there.
Theodore Roosevelt - People ask the difference between a leader and a boss. The leader leads, and the boss drives.
Theodore Roosevelt - Great thoughts speak only to the thoughtful mind, but great actions speak to all mankind.
Theodore Roosevelt - Nobody cares how much you know, until they know how much you care.
Theodore Roosevelt - Far and away the best prize that life has to offer is the chance to work hard at work worth doing.
Theodore Roosevelt - With self-discipline most anything is possible.
Theodore Roosevelt - A thorough knowledge of the Bible is worth more than a college education.
Theodore Roosevelt - To educate a man in mind and not in morals is to educate a menace to society.
Theodore Roosevelt - The only man who never makes a mistake is the man who never does anything.
Thich Nhat Hanh - Because of your smile, you make life more beautiful.
Thich Nhat Hanh - Let us fill our hearts with our own compassion - towards ourselves and towards all living beings.
Thich Nhat Hanh - Every breath we take, every step we make, can be filled with peace, joy and serenity.
Thich Nhat Hanh - Many people are alive but don't touch the miracle of being alive.
Thich Nhat Hanh - Fearlessness is not only possible, it is the ultimate joy. When you touch nonfear, you are free.
Thich Nhat Hanh - We have more possibilities available in each moment than we realize.
Thich Nhat Hanh - There is no way to happiness - happiness is the way.
Thich Nhat Hanh - Listening to and understanding our inner sufferings will resolve most of the problems we encounter.
Thich Nhat Hanh - Every thought you produce, anything you say, any action you do, it bears your signature.
Thich Nhat Hanh - Mother Earth is very talented. She has produced Buddhas, bodhisattvas, great beings.
Thomas A. Edison - I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work.
Thomas A. Edison - Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work.
Thomas A. Edison - There is no substitute for hard work.
Thomas A. Edison - There's a way to do it better - find it.
Thomas A. Edison - If we did all the things we are capable of, we would literally astound ourselves.
Thomas A. Edison - Genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent perspiration.
Thomas A. Edison - What you are will show in what you do.
Thomas A. Edison - Just because something doesn't do what you planned it to do doesn't mean it's useless.
Thomas A. Edison - I never did a day's work in my life. It was all fun.
Thomas A. Edison - To have a great idea, have a lot of them.
Thomas Aquinas - There is nothing on this earth more to be prized than true friendship.
Thomas Aquinas - The things that we love tell us what we are.
Thomas Aquinas - If the highest aim of a captain were to preserve his ship, he would keep it in port forever.
Thomas Aquinas - Sorrow can be alleviated by good sleep, a bath and a glass of wine.
Thomas Aquinas - Well-ordered self-love is right and natural.
Thomas Aquinas - Good can exist without evil, whereas evil cannot exist without good.
Thomas Aquinas - Human salvation demands the divine disclosure of truths surpassing reason.
Thomas Aquinas - By nature all men are equal in liberty, but not in other endowments.
Thomas Aquinas - Love takes up where knowledge leaves off.
Thomas Aquinas - Happiness is secured through virtue; it is a good attained by man's own will.
Thomas Carlyle - He who has health, has hope; and he who has hope, has everything.
Thomas Carlyle - Love is not altogether a delirium, yet it has many points in common therewith.
Thomas Carlyle - Nothing builds self-esteem and self-confidence like accomplishment.
Thomas Carlyle - Silence is as deep as eternity, speech a shallow as time.
Thomas Carlyle - No great man lives in vain. The history of the world is but the biography of great men.
Thomas Carlyle - There are good and bad times, but our mood changes more often than our fortune.
Thomas Carlyle - Not what I have, but what I do is my kingdom.
Thomas Carlyle - Our main business is not to see what lies dimly at a distance, but to do what lies clearly at hand.
Thomas Carlyle - Isolation is the sum total of wretchedness to a man.
Thomas Carlyle - In every phenomenon the beginning remains always the most notable moment.
Thomas Jefferson - Honesty is the first chapter in the book of wisdom.
Thomas Jefferson - Do you want to know who you are? Don't ask. Act! Action will delineate and define you.
Thomas Jefferson - The tree of liberty must be refreshed from time to time with the blood of patriots and tyrants.
Thomas Jefferson - In matters of style, swim with the current; in matters of principle, stand like a rock.
Thomas Jefferson - I like the dreams of the future better than the history of the past.
Thomas Jefferson - Walking is the best possible exercise. Habituate yourself to walk very far.
Thomas Jefferson - I believe that every human mind feels pleasure in doing good to another.
Thomas Jefferson - Never spend your money before you have earned it.
Thomas Jefferson - One travels more usefully when alone, because he reflects more.
Thomas Jefferson - I tremble for my country when I reflect that God is just; that his justice cannot sleep forever.
Thomas Merton - Happiness is not a matter of intensity but of balance, order, rhythm and harmony.
Thomas Merton - Every moment and every event of every man's life on earth plants something in his soul.
Thomas Merton - Pride makes us artificial and humility makes us real.
Thomas Merton - Perhaps I am stronger than I think.
Thomas Merton - Art enables us to find ourselves and lose ourselves at the same time.
Thomas Merton - The very contradictions in my life are in some ways signs of God's mercy to me.
Thomas Merton - The biggest human temptation is to settle for too little.
Thomas Merton - If you want to study the social and political history of modern nations, study hell.
Thomas Merton - Be good, keep your feet dry, your eyes open, your heart at peace and your soul in the joy of Christ.
Thomas Merton - The tighter you squeeze, the less you have.
Thomas Paine - The real man smiles in trouble, gathers strength from distress, and grows brave by reflection.
Thomas Paine - Reputation is what men and women think of us; character is what God and angels know of us.
Thomas Paine - The harder the conflict, the more glorious the triumph.
Thomas Paine - If there must be trouble, let it be in my day, that my child may have peace.
Thomas Paine - The World is my country, all mankind are my brethren, and to do good is my religion.
Thomas Paine - A long habit of not thinking a thing wrong gives it a superficial appearance of being right.
Thomas Paine - It is error only, and not truth, that shrinks from inquiry.
Thomas Paine - Belief in a cruel God makes a cruel man.
Thomas Paine - Suspicion is the companion of mean souls, and the bane of all good society.
Thomas Paine - That which we obtain too easily, we esteem too lightly.
Thomas Sowell - It takes considerable knowledge just to realize the extent of your own ignorance.
Thomas Sowell - People who enjoy meetings should not be in charge of anything.
Thomas Sowell - Too much of what is called 'education' is little more than an expensive isolation from reality.
Thomas Sowell - The least productive people are usually the ones who are most in favor of holding meetings.
Thomas Sowell - A moral monopoly is the antithesis of a marketplace of ideas.
Thomas Sowell - Talkers are usually more articulate than doers, since talk is their specialty.
Thomas Sowell - The welfare state is not really about the welfare of the masses. It is about the egos of the elites.
Thomas Sowell - Immigration laws are the only laws that are discussed in terms of how to help people who break them.
Thomas Sowell - Over the generations, black leaders have ranged from noble souls to shameless charlatans.
Thomas Sowell - The most basic question is not what is best, but who shall decide what is best.
Tom Brady - Football is unconditional love.
Tom Brady - I'm not a person who defends myself very often. I kind of let my actions speak for me.
Tom Brady - If I have something to say, I want it to be meaningful.
Tom Brady - I could talk food all day. I love good food.
Tom Brady - I'm a pretty good winner. I'm a terrible loser. And I rub it in pretty good when I win.
Tom Brady - When I'm out on the football field, I have so much confidence in what I'm doing.
Tom Brady - Fortunately for a quarterback, you can play for a long time because you don't get hit very often.
Tom Brady - I'm never going to be fast, and nobody will ever mistake me for being fast.
Tom Brady - Nothing surprises me anymore in the NFL.
Tom Brady - In Boston, they love their sports celebrities. And it's great.
Tony Robbins - Setting goals is the first step in turning the invisible into the visible.
Tony Robbins - It is in your moments of decision that your destiny is shaped.
Tony Robbins - The only limit to your impact is your imagination and commitment.
Tony Robbins - Stay committed to your decisions, but stay flexible in your approach.
Tony Robbins - Successful people ask better questions, and as a result, they get better answers.
Tony Robbins - Passion is the genesis of genius.
Tony Robbins - People are not lazy. They simply have impotent goals - that is, goals that do not inspire them.
Tony Robbins - We can change our lives. We can do, have, and be exactly what we wish.
Tony Robbins - If you do what you've always done, you'll get what you've always gotten.
Tony Robbins - The path to success is to take massive, determined action.
Tupac Shakur - Reality is wrong. Dreams are for real.
Tupac Shakur - I don't have no fear of death. My only fear is coming back reincarnated.
Tupac Shakur - The only thing that comes to a sleeping man is dreams.
Tupac Shakur - It's a struggle for every young Black man. You know how it is, only God can judge us.
Tupac Shakur - It seems like every time you come up something happens to bring you back down.
Tupac Shakur - Don't change on me. Don't extort me unless you intend to do it forever.
Tupac Shakur - Is it a crime, to fight, for what is mine?
Tupac Shakur - We all gonna die, we bleed from similar veins.
Tupac Shakur - I'm a reflection of the community.
Tupac Shakur - In my mind I'm a blind man doin' time.
Tyler, The Creator - Youth is something I never wanna take for granted. I just want to smile and live life.
Tyler, The Creator - I think I'm cool. That's all that matters.
Tyler, The Creator - I'm not a follower. I'm a leader. And anyone who speaks their mind is always criticised.
Tyler, The Creator - I don't like people around me sad. I like making people happy.
Tyler, The Creator - I don't like being put in a box. I just make music, you know?
Tyler, The Creator - I'm not hip-hop. I'm Tyler.
Tyler, The Creator - I don't really listen to rap; I just like to rap.
Tyler, The Creator - I'm a pretty nice dude. I have fun, and people take it the wrong way.
Tyler, The Creator - For the record, I don't worship the devil. I just hate religion.
Tyler, The Creator - I never had a drink in my life. I don't smoke or anything.
Van Morrison - There is no black-and-white situation. It's all part of life. Highs, lows, middles.
Van Morrison - I just need somewhere to dump all my negativity.
Van Morrison - In order to win you must be prepared to lose sometime. And leave one or two cards showing.
Van Morrison - What you see is what you get.
Van Morrison - The point of jazz is, you do something and then you go on.
Van Morrison - The future is keeping you out of the present time.
Van Morrison - If it's what you do and you can do it, then you do it.
Van Morrison - I don't think nostalgia has to be negative.
Van Morrison - You learn to read the audiences after a while, and there are all different kinds of gigs.
Van Morrison - Singing is my profession - there is no plan B.
Victor Hugo - To love another person is to see the face of God.
Victor Hugo - Music expresses that which cannot be said and on which it is impossible to be silent.
Victor Hugo - When a woman is talking to you, listen to what she says with her eyes.
Victor Hugo - Life is the flower for which love is the honey.
Victor Hugo - A mother's arms are made of tenderness and children sleep soundly in them.
Victor Hugo - Laughter is the sun that drives winter from the human face.
Victor Hugo - Forty is the old age of youth; fifty the youth of old age.
Victor Hugo - Change your opinions, keep to your principles; change your leaves, keep intact your roots.
Victor Hugo - Perseverance, secret of all triumphs.
Victor Hugo - Concision in style, precision in thought, decision in life.
Victoria Osteen - Even in the tough times, He's still a good God.
Victoria Osteen - In fact, we have a choice of freedom of heart to follow God.
Victoria Osteen - Well, you know, I just - I believe marriage should between a man and a woman.
Victoria Osteen - Children are our future, and God loves the children.
Victoria Osteen - You need to love your life; you have to appreciate yourself.
Victoria Osteen - Remember, the choices we make today shape the people we become tomorrow.
Victoria Osteen - I bake a chocolate cake from scratch every week.
Victoria Osteen - I just think that is so important to keep a strong support system, to keep yourself encouraged.
Victoria Osteen - You hold the keys of change within you. You be the change you want to see.
Victoria Osteen - Life doesn't always give us what we are expecting.
Viktor E. Frankl - Challenging the meaning of life is the truest expression of the state of being human.
Viktor E. Frankl - When we are no longer able to change a situation - we are challenged to change ourselves.
Viktor E. Frankl - Live as if you were living a second time, and as though you had acted wrongly the first time.
Viktor E. Frankl - Ever more people today have the means to live, but no meaning to live for.
Viktor E. Frankl - Life can be pulled by goals just as surely as it can be pushed by drives.
Viktor E. Frankl - A human being is a deciding being.
Viktor E. Frankl - The last of human freedoms - the ability to chose one's attitude in a given set of circumstances.
Viktor E. Frankl - Since Auschwitz, we know what man is capable of. And since Hiroshima, we know what is at stake.
Viktor E. Frankl - Fear may come true that which one is afraid of.
Viktor E. Frankl - Even a genius cannot completely resist his Zeitgeist, the spirit of his time.
Vin Diesel - It's insecurity that is always chasing you and standing in the way of your dreams.
Vin Diesel - I haven't had that many weird encounters with fans, thank God.
Vin Diesel - I always have issues with trust.
Vin Diesel - We all deal with being unfairly judged.
Vin Diesel - You break her heart, I'll break your neck.
Vin Diesel - I am definitely a person of color.
Vin Diesel - I love what I do.
Vin Diesel - I'm the most ambitious person you ever met.
Vin Diesel - The only way anyone knows which girl I'm with is if a one-night stand goes on 'Howard Stern.'
Vin Diesel - A person in my position has to restrain himself.
Vin Scully - As long as you live keep smiling because it brightens everybody's day.
Vin Scully - I'm not a military general, a business guru, not a philosopher or author. It's only me.
Vin Scully - Don't let the winds blow your dreams away... or steal your faith in God.
Vin Scully - Good is not good when better is expected.
Vin Scully - Losing feels worse than winning feels good.
Vin Scully - I'm going to sit back, light up, and hope I don't chew the cigarette to pieces.
Vin Scully - Statistics are used much like a drunk uses a lamppost: for support, not illumination.
Vin Scully - You can almost taste the pressure now.
Vin Scully - I guess my thermometer for my baseball fever is still a goose bump.
Vin Scully - The roar of the crowd has always been the sweetest music. It's intoxicating.
Vince Lombardi - Perfection is not attainable, but if we chase perfection we can catch excellence.
Vince Lombardi - Winners never quit and quitters never win.
Vince Lombardi - The measure of who we are is what we do with what we have.
Vince Lombardi - The achievements of an organization are the results of the combined effort of each individual.
Vince Lombardi - The greatest accomplishment is not in never falling, but in rising again after you fall.
Vince Lombardi - Practice does not make perfect. Only perfect practice makes perfect.
Vince Lombardi - Winning is habit. Unfortunately, so is losing.
Vince Lombardi - The only place success comes before work is in the dictionary.
Vince Lombardi - Winning isn't everything, it's the only thing.
Vince Lombardi - We didn't lose the game; we just ran out of time.
Vincent Van Gogh - I often think that the night is more alive and more richly colored than the day.
Vincent Van Gogh - Great things are done by a series of small things brought together.
Vincent Van Gogh - For my part I know nothing with any certainty, but the sight of the stars makes me dream.
Vincent Van Gogh - I dream of painting and then I paint my dream.
Vincent Van Gogh - I put my heart and my soul into my work, and have lost my mind in the process.
Vincent Van Gogh - There is no blue without yellow and without orange.
Vincent Van Gogh - Conscience is a man's compass.
Vincent Van Gogh - I feel that there is nothing more truly artistic than to love people.
Vincent Van Gogh - The way to know life is to love many things.
Vincent Van Gogh - I wish they would only take me as I am.
Virgil - Fortune favours the bold.
Virgil - They can conquer who believe they can.
Virgil - Every calamity is to be overcome by endurance.
Virgil - As the twig is bent the tree inclines.
Virgil - But meanwhile time flies; it flies never to be regained.
Virgil - Trust not too much to appearances.
Virgil - Do not yield to misfortunes, but advance more boldly to meet them, as your fortune permits you.
Virgil - Go forth a conqueror and win great victories.
Virgil - Time is flying never to return.
Virgil - Time flies never to be recalled.
Virginia Woolf - One cannot think well, love well, sleep well, if one has not dined well.
Virginia Woolf - Some people go to priests; others to poetry; I to my friends.
Virginia Woolf - Language is wine upon the lips.
Virginia Woolf - Arrange whatever pieces come your way.
Virginia Woolf - Rigid, the skeleton of habit alone upholds the human frame.
Virginia Woolf - On the outskirts of every agony sits some observant fellow who points.
Virginia Woolf - Yet it is in our idleness, in our dreams, that the submerged truth sometimes comes to the top.
Virginia Woolf - To enjoy freedom we have to control ourselves.
Virginia Woolf - Humor is the first of the gifts to perish in a foreign tongue.
Virginia Woolf - I read the book of Job last night, I don't think God comes out well in it.
Vladimir Lenin - A lie told often enough becomes the truth.
Vladimir Lenin - The goal of socialism is communism.
Vladimir Lenin - One man with a gun can control 100 without one.
Vladimir Lenin - The way to crush the bourgeoisie is to grind them between the millstones of taxation and inflation.
Vladimir Lenin - Without revolutionary theory there can be no revolutionary movement.
Vladimir Lenin - Sometimes - history needs a push.
Vladimir Lenin - When there is state there can be no freedom, but when there is freedom there will be no state.
Vladimir Lenin - Our program necessarily includes the propaganda of atheism.
Vladimir Lenin - Under socialism all will govern in turn and will soon become accustomed to no one governing.
Vladimir Lenin - Democracy is indispensable to socialism.
Vladimir Nabokov - The breaking of a wave cannot explain the whole sea.
Vladimir Nabokov - I think it is all a matter of love: the more you love a memory, the stronger and stranger it is.
Vladimir Nabokov - Life is a great sunrise. I do not see why death should not be an even greater one.
Vladimir Nabokov - Caress the detail, the divine detail.
Vladimir Nabokov - There are aphorisms that, like airplanes, stay up only while they are in motion.
Vladimir Nabokov - Satire is a lesson, parody is a game.
Vladimir Nabokov - Literature and butterflies are the two sweetest passions known to man.
Vladimir Nabokov - Nothing revives the past so completely as a smell that was once associated with it.
Vladimir Nabokov - I think like a genius, I write like a distinguished author, and I speak like a child.
Vladimir Nabokov - A work of art has no importance whatever to society. It is only important to the individual.
Vladimir Putin - Sometimes it is necessary to be lonely in order to prove that you are right.
Vladimir Putin - Those who fight corruption should be clean themselves.
Vladimir Putin - Everything will probably never be OK. But we have to try for it.
Vladimir Putin - I don't read books by people who have betrayed the Motherland.
Vladimir Putin - Thieves must sit in prison.
Vladimir Putin - To pay more is the easy way. In fact, the solution possibilities to the problem are many.
Vladimir Putin - I think the American people should express their preferences, and we'll accept their choice.
Vladimir Putin - Yes, life in Chechnya so far looks more like a life after a natural disaster.
Vladimir Putin - Chechnya is part and parcel of the Russian Federation.
Vladimir Putin - Cromwell is just as much of a bloody dictator as was Stalin.
Voltaire - God gave us the gift of life; it is up to us to give ourselves the gift of living well.
Voltaire - It is difficult to free fools from the chains they revere.
Voltaire - Appreciation is a wonderful thing: It makes what is excellent in others belong to us as well.
Voltaire - The art of medicine consists in amusing the patient while nature cures the disease.
Voltaire - Tears are the silent language of grief.
Voltaire - Judge a man by his questions rather than his answers.
Voltaire - Those who can make you believe absurdities can make you commit atrocities.
Voltaire - Optimism is the madness of insisting that all is well when we are miserable.
Voltaire - One great use of words is to hide our thoughts.
Voltaire - When it is a question of money, everybody is of the same religion.
W. C. Fields - Start every day off with a smile and get it over with.
W. C. Fields - A rich man is nothing but a poor man with money.
W. C. Fields - I cook with wine, sometimes I even add it to the food.
W. C. Fields - No doubt exists that all women are crazy; it's only a question of degree.
W. C. Fields - I once spent a year in Philadelphia, I think it was on a Sunday.
W. C. Fields - Set up another case bartender! The best thing for a case of nerves is a case of Scotch.
W. C. Fields - Once, during Prohibition, I was forced to live for days on nothing but food and water.
W. C. Fields - It ain't what they call you, it's what you answer to.
W. C. Fields - Always carry a flagon of whiskey in case of snakebite and furthermore always carry a small snake.
W. C. Fields - Never cry over spilt milk, because it may have been poisoned.
W. E. B. Du Bois - Education must not simply teach work - it must teach Life.
W. E. B. Du Bois - Education is the development of power and ideal.
W. E. B. Du Bois - Education and work are the levers to uplift a people.
W. E. B. Du Bois - The cost of liberty is less than the price of repression.
W. E. B. Du Bois - To stimulate wildly weak and untrained minds is to play with mighty fires.
W. E. B. Du Bois - A true and worthy ideal frees and uplifts a people; a false ideal imprisons and lowers.
W. E. B. Du Bois - Every argument for Negro suffrage is an argument for women's suffrage.
W. E. B. Du Bois - Make yourself do unpleasant things so as to gain the upper hand of your soul.
W. E. B. Du Bois - Believe in life! Always human beings will live and progress to greater, broader, and fuller life.
W. E. B. Du Bois - A classic is a book that doesn't have to be written again.
W. Edwards Deming - A bad system will beat a good person every time.
W. Edwards Deming - Quality is pride of workmanship.
W. Edwards Deming - If you can't describe what you are doing as a process, you don't know what you're doing.
W. Edwards Deming - Innovation comes from the producer - not from the customer.
W. Edwards Deming - We are here to make another world.
W. Edwards Deming - Rational behavior requires theory. Reactive behavior requires only reflex action.
W. Edwards Deming - All anyone asks for is a chance to work with pride.
W. Edwards Deming - It is not necessary to change. Survival is not mandatory.
W. Edwards Deming - Eliminate numerical quotas, including Management by Objectives.
W. Edwards Deming - It is not enough to do your best; you must know what to do, and then do your best.
Walt Disney - If you can dream it, you can do it.
Walt Disney - All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them.
Walt Disney - Times and conditions change so rapidly that we must keep our aim constantly focused on the future.
Walt Disney - The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.
Walt Disney - The more you like yourself, the less you are like anyone else, which makes you unique.
Walt Disney - There is more treasure in books than in all the pirate's loot on Treasure Island.
Walt Disney - When you're curious, you find lots of interesting things to do.
Walt Disney - I only hope that we don't lose sight of one thing - that it was all started by a mouse.
Walt Disney - When you believe in a thing, believe in it all the way, implicitly and unquestionable.
Walt Disney - I do not like to repeat successes, I like to go on to other things.
Walt Whitman - Keep your face always toward the sunshine - and shadows will fall behind you.
Walt Whitman - I am as bad as the worst, but, thank God, I am as good as the best.
Walt Whitman - I have learned that to be with those I like is enough.
Walt Whitman - Simplicity is the glory of expression.
Walt Whitman - I no doubt deserved my enemies, but I don't believe I deserved my friends.
Walt Whitman - To me, every hour of the day and night is an unspeakably perfect miracle.
Walt Whitman - I believe a leaf of grass is no less than the journey-work of the stars.
Walt Whitman - The art of art, the glory of expression and the sunshine of the light of letters, is simplicity.
Walt Whitman - I see great things in baseball. It's our game - the American game.
Walt Whitman - Be curious, not judgmental.
Warren Buffett - Someone is sitting in the shade today because someone planted a tree a long time ago.
Warren Buffett - Rule No.1: Never lose money. Rule No.2: Never forget rule No.1.
Warren Buffett - Price is what you pay. Value is what you get.
Warren Buffett - Risk comes from not knowing what you're doing.
Warren Buffett - In the business world, the rearview mirror is always clearer than the windshield.
Warren Buffett - Predicting rain doesn't count. Building arks does.
Warren Buffett - Chains of habit are too light to be felt until they are too heavy to be broken.
Warren Buffett - I always knew I was going to be rich. I don't think I ever doubted it for a minute.
Warren Buffett - Only when the tide goes out do you discover who's been swimming naked.
Warren Buffett - Time is the friend of the wonderful company, the enemy of the mediocre.
Waylon Jennings - Honesty is something you can't wear out.
Waylon Jennings - So I'm not very popular here with those inside the system, as you might guess. I never wanted to be.
Waylon Jennings - Don't ever try and be like anybody else and don't be afraid to take risks.
Waylon Jennings - I may be crazy, but it keeps me from going insane.
Waylon Jennings - But you know, the system almost destroyed itself while it was goin' on trying to destroy us.
Waylon Jennings - Cuz I was never pretty anyway and never cared anything about that.
Waylon Jennings - Finally, my manager negotiated a deal where I got to produce my own records.
Waylon Jennings - I didn't aim at anything except good music.
Waylon Jennings - I never have any problem getting enthusiastic with a good song and a good band.
Waylon Jennings - You know, I feel sorry for the young artists.
Wayne Dyer - How people treat you is their karma; how you react is yours.
Wayne Dyer - Be miserable. Or motivate yourself. Whatever has to be done, it's always your choice.
Wayne Dyer - Self-worth comes from one thing - thinking that you are worthy.
Wayne Dyer - Go for it now. The future is promised to no one.
Wayne Dyer - The highest form of ignorance is when you reject something you don't know anything about.
Wayne Dyer - You cannot always control what goes on outside. But you can always control what goes on inside.
Wayne Dyer - Relationships based on obligation lack dignity.
Wayne Dyer - Doing what you love is the cornerstone of having abundance in your life.
Wayne Dyer - Conflict cannot survive without your participation.
Wayne Dyer - Transformation literally means going beyond your form.
Will Durant - Education is a progressive discovery of our own ignorance.
Will Durant - We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit.
Will Durant - Our knowledge is a receding mirage in an expanding desert of ignorance.
Will Durant - Nature has never read the Declaration of Independence. It continues to make us unequal.
Will Durant - Moral codes adjust themselves to environmental conditions.
Will Durant - Inquiry is fatal to certainty.
Will Durant - To say nothing, especially when speaking, is half the art of diplomacy.
Will Durant - The family is the nucleus of civilization.
Will Durant - Knowledge is the eye of desire and can become the pilot of the soul.
Will Durant - Woe to him who teaches men faster than they can learn.
Will Rogers - Everything is funny, as long as it's happening to somebody else.
Will Rogers - A fool and his money are soon elected.
Will Rogers - I am not a member of any organized political party. I am a Democrat.
Will Rogers - Good judgment comes from experience, and a lot of that comes from bad judgment.
Will Rogers - I don't make jokes. I just watch the government and report the facts.
Will Rogers - People's minds are changed through observation and not through argument.
Will Rogers - Never let yesterday use up too much of today.
Will Rogers - Do the best you can, and don't take life too serious.
Will Rogers - Make crime pay. Become a lawyer.
Will Rogers - We will never have true civilization until we have learned to recognize the rights of others.
William Blake - I am in you and you in me, mutual in divine love.
William Blake - Think in the morning. Act in the noon. Eat in the evening. Sleep in the night.
William Blake - Great things are done when men and mountains meet.
William Blake - No bird soars too high if he soars with his own wings.
William Blake - Art is the tree of life. Science is the tree of death.
William Blake - It is easier to forgive an enemy than to forgive a friend.
William Blake - The road of excess leads to the palace of wisdom.
William Blake - The bird a nest, the spider a web, man friendship.
William Blake - The man who never alters his opinions is like standing water, and breeds reptiles of the mind.
William Blake - The weak in courage is strong in cunning.
William James - The greatest weapon against stress is our ability to choose one thought over another.
William James - Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does.
William James - Pessimism leads to weakness, optimism to power.
William James - The deepest principle in human nature is the craving to be appreciated.
William James - Acceptance of what has happened is the first step to overcoming the consequences of any misfortune.
William James - There is but one cause of human failure. And that is man's lack of faith in his true Self.
William James - Begin to be now what you will be hereafter.
William James - Belief creates the actual fact.
William James - If you care enough for a result, you will most certainly attain it.
William James - A great many people think they are thinking when they are merely rearranging their prejudices.
Woody Allen - Life is full of misery, loneliness, and suffering - and it's all over much too soon.
Woody Allen - I failed to make the chess team because of my height.
Woody Allen - Life doesn't imitate art, it imitates bad television.
Woody Allen - My one regret in life is that I am not someone else.
Woody Allen - Seventy percent of success in life is showing up.
Woody Allen - The talent for being happy is appreciating and liking what you have, instead of what you don't have.
Woody Allen - I'm not afraid to die, I just don't want to be there when it happens.
Woody Allen - What if nothing exists and we're all in somebody's dream?
Woody Allen - Bisexuality immediately doubles your chances for a date on Saturday night.
Woody Allen - If you're not failing every now and again, it's a sign you're not doing anything very innovative.
A. A. Milne - Weeds are flowers too, once you get to know them.
A. A. Milne - Organizing is what you do before you do something, so that when you do it, it is not all mixed up.
A. A. Milne - Golf is so popular simply because it is the best game in the world at which to be bad.
A. A. Milne - Did you ever stop to think, and forget to start again?
A. A. Milne - What I say is that, if a fellow really likes potatoes, he must be a pretty decent sort of fellow.
A. A. Milne - My spelling is Wobbly. It's good spelling but it Wobbles, and the letters get in the wrong places.
A. A. Milne - To the uneducated, an A is just three sticks.
A. A. Milne - You will be better advised to watch what we do instead of what we say.
A. A. Milne - Some people care too much. I think it's called love.
A. A. Milne - Never forget me, because if I thought you would, I'd never leave.
A. J. McLean - Music is love, love is music, music is life, and I love my life. Thank you and good night.
A. J. McLean - Keep your head up and be patient.
A. J. McLean - But people who really know me, know that I am not a bad boy at heart... I am a big teddy bear.
A. J. McLean - I pray to God I get inside a girl's head one day and see what in the WORLD they are thinking.
A. J. McLean - I look good. I feel good and not to sound conceited I sound great.
A. J. McLean - I'm the type of guy who likes to be there 24-7. I'm Mr. Roses.
A. J. McLean - Be very, very patient and very open-minded, and listen to what people have to say.
A. J. McLean - Once I went to bed in Orlando and I woke up in Atlanta. I have no idea how that happened.
A. J. McLean - Everyone always says, 'When you look at a boy band, one of them has to be gay.' No, they don't.
A. J. McLean - I've worn a dress at my wedding. I've worn 6-inch Louboutins. I've got no fear and no shame.
Aaliyah - I see myself as sexy. If you are comfortable with it, it can be very classy and appealing.
Aaliyah - There are times in my life when I just want to be by myself.
Aaliyah - It's hard to say what I want my legacy to be when I'm long gone.
Aaliyah - All I can do is leave it in God's hands and hope that my fans feel where I'm coming from.
Aaliyah - Romeo Must Die came at the right time. It was the right vehicle for me.
Aaliyah - There are times I can't even figure myself out.
Aaliyah - It was always part of the plan to move into acting.
Aaliyah - I want people to remember me as a full on entertainer and a good person.
Aaliyah - There are certain things I want to keep to me. I don't discuss my private life.
Aaliyah - Keep working hard and you can get anything that you want.
Aaron Neville - Be honest, be nice, be a flower not a weed.
Aaron Neville - It's up to God to do the judging. You haven't walked in my boots, so how are you going to judge me?
Aaron Neville - Every morning I wake up and thank God.
Aaron Neville - I think things happened the way they did for a reason.
Aaron Neville - I was raised Catholic, but my father's people were Methodist, so we went to both churches.
Aaron Neville - I sing around the house, in the shower.
Aaron Neville - I always tell people I want to see the world through His eyes, and I want people to see Him in me.
Aaron Neville - I always loved Sam Cooke, because he seemed very versatile. He sang gospel, soul, blues, pop music.
Aaron Neville - My friends and I were wild and we liked to joy-ride.
Aaron Neville - When you were a kid, a day was a long time and a year was a long time.
Aaron Sorkin - Decisions are made by those who show up.
Aaron Sorkin - Good writers borrow from other writers. Great writers steal from them outright.
Aaron Sorkin - It's a combination of life being unpredictable, and you being super dumb.
Aaron Sorkin - I think socializing on the Internet is to socializing what reality TV is to reality.
Aaron Sorkin - I like writing idealistically, romantically and swashbucklingly.
Aaron Sorkin - I'm neither a millennial nor a hipster.
Aaron Sorkin - I'm not sophisticated when it comes to politics, when it comes to journalism.
Aaron Sorkin - Whether it's 'The West Wing' or anything else, my first thought is always, 'What's a good story?'
Aaron Sorkin - And my friends, you ain't seen nothin' yet.
Aaron Sorkin - I consider plot a necessary intrusion on what I really want to do, which is write snappy dialogue.
Abbie Hoffman - Sacred cows make the tastiest hamburger.
Abbie Hoffman - Avoid all needle drugs, the only dope worth shooting is Richard Nixon.
Abbie Hoffman - A modern revolutionary group heads for the television station.
Abbie Hoffman - The first duty of a revolutionary is to get away with it.
Abbie Hoffman - I was probably the only revolutionary referred to as cute.
Abbie Hoffman - Once you get the right image the details aren't that important.
Abbie Hoffman - Structure is more important than content in the transmission of information.
Abbie Hoffman - The only way to support a revolution is to make your own.
Abbie Hoffman - Never impose your language on people you wish to reach.
Abbie Hoffman - Free speech means the right to shout 'theatre' in a crowded fire.
Abel Ferrara - That's the thing about making a movie: You never finish editing. They just take it away from you.
Abel Ferrara - As barbaric is we are, it's a miracle we haven't blown ourselves off the face of the earth so far.
Abel Ferrara - Life is what happens when you're doing other things, right?
Abel Ferrara - I don't have a problem with Werner Herzog.
Abel Ferrara - Making money is not gonna change anything about what I am, except I won't answer the door.
Abel Ferrara - I'm about my characters.
Abel Ferrara - Most filmmaking is about shaking hands and just starting.
Abel Ferrara - Listen, anybody who has a film festival has the right to show what they want.
Abel Ferrara - A script is not a piece of literature it's a process.
Abel Ferrara - My life is proof that I don't need you to do what I do. If there's no one to see it, I'll watch it.
Abraham Maslow - What is necessary to change a person is to change his awareness of himself.
Abraham Maslow - If you only have a hammer, you tend to see every problem as a nail.
Abraham Maslow - The ability to be in the present moment is a major component of mental wellness.
Abraham Maslow - What a man can be, he must be. This need we call self-actualization.
Abraham Maslow - The story of the human race is the story of men and women selling themselves short.
Abraham Maslow - Dispassionate objectivity is itself a passion, for the real and for the truth.
Abraham Maslow - Education can become a self-fulfilling activity, liberating in and of itself.
Abraham Maslow - We may define therapy as a search for value.
Abraham Maslow - Being a full human being is difficult, frightening, and problematical.
Abraham Maslow - A first-rate soup is more creative than a second-rate painting.
Abu Bakr - The greatest truth is honesty, and the greatest falsehood is dishonesty.
Abu Bakr - The more knowledge you have, the greater will be your fear of Allah.
Abu Bakr - Allah will help him who moves in the way of Allah.
Abu Bakr - To fight against the infidels is Jihad; but to fight against your evil self is greater Jihad.
Abu Bakr - Do not follow vain desires; for verily he who prospers is preserved from lust, greed and anger.
Abu Bakr - It is a matter of shame that in the morning the birds should be awake earlier than you.
Abu Bakr - God blesses him who helps his brother.
Abu Bakr - Cursed is the man who dies, but the evil done by him survives.
Abu Bakr - When you advise any person you should be guided by the fear of God.
Abu Bakr - The people who abandon Jihad fall a victim to humility and degradation.
Action Bronson - I'm into heavy duty, psychedelic, foreign music. That's what I like listening to.
Action Bronson - I live in the moment, and I reflect later.
Action Bronson - I don't put people down. I build people up. That's how I always wanna be looked at.
Action Bronson - I'm not just a normal guy. I'm a gymnast.
Action Bronson - Albanians, we tan well! I don't burn; I bake.
Action Bronson - I'm rap's vigilante. I'm out for justice.
Action Bronson - I pick and choose my battles, but I overthink everything because I have to think about everything.
Action Bronson - I don't wanna be preached to. Unless it's in a beautiful voice, I don't want that.
Action Bronson - As far as rap, I was more of a Mobb Deep guy rather than a Tribe guy.
Action Bronson - I don't really do playlists. I don't know how to make a playlist, honestly.
Adam Ant - Achievement results from work realizing ambition.
Adam Ant - I just think, certainly for live music it should look as good as it sounds.
Adam Ant - I'm blind without my glasses.
Adam Ant - I have loved eight women in my life. I remember every woman's face.
Adam Ant - I like being infamous. I think it is safe being a cult.
Adam Ant - I want to do a make-up line for men.
Adam Ant - Men look like pandas when they try and put make-up on.
Adam Ant - If you make a mistake, you should enjoy it.
Adam Ant - To me, style is consistency.
Adam Ant - I'm a punk rocker. I don't do Christian.
Adam Carolla - My first car was a motorcycle.
Adam Carolla - Well, guys are better at mechanical stuff and women are better at emotional stuff.
Adam Carolla - Of course on air I use occasional hyperbole to tell a story.
Adam Carolla - It's funny when you're a kid how you can acclimate to almost anything.
Adam Carolla - I like radio and live performing stuff. I don't like the television stuff as much.
Adam Carolla - I am not a good cue card reader.
Adam Carolla - I get depressed at airports.
Adam Carolla - The main thing that I learned from my horrible job experiences was how horrible they were.
Adam Carolla - Honestly, I've always had difficulty relaxing, unwinding and going to bed - that kind of stuff.
Adam Carolla - I've always boxed, I always taught boxing.
Adam Driver - It's hard to kill that father-son bond.
Adam Driver - I don't feel like I have to dress up to go to the deli.
Adam Driver - I have a control problem. I hate the feeling of not being in control.
Adam Driver - Through theater and acting school, I found a way to articulate myself.
Adam Driver - Even on your hiatus, you feel like you need to keep the character in the back of your brain.
Adam Driver - I'm not such a big fan of having a linear answer to things.
Adam Driver - I'm like a sight gag.
Adam Driver - Interesting things always come from being really exhausted and really sick.
Adam Driver - In the Marine Corps, everything had a purpose.
Adam Driver - When you get out of the Marine Corps, you feel like you can do anything.
Adam Lambert - I am gay, and I'm very comfortable with it.
Adam Lambert - I'm proud of my sexuality. I embrace it. It's just another part of me.
Adam Lambert - I'm trying to be a singer, not a civil rights leader.
Adam Lambert - Wait a minute, I'm a fan of yours; you can't be a fan of mine!
Adam Lambert - All these songs honestly explore the ups and downs of my reality.
Adam Lambert - I am who I am.
Adam Lambert - I like to get real pretty.
Adam Lambert - At least I can say that I'm honest.
Adam Lambert - I'm not a babysitter.
Adam Lambert - There's no regrets for me.
Adam Peaty - Biceps for show, triceps for go.
Adam Peaty - You can easily say, 'I can go 56', but how are you going to do that?
Adam Peaty - Your barber always knows everything that goes on in the town, doesn't he?
Adam Peaty - The more you believe in yourself, the faster you're going to get.
Adam Peaty - Every day I try to push the boundaries, and it's paid off.
Adam Peaty - I enjoy racing because I want to do it. No one's forcing me.
Adam Peaty - Ever since I was a kid, I've wanted to set a time that nobody can touch for many years.
Adam Peaty - Seeing that flag means so much: I am inspired by my Queen, my country.
Adam Peaty - There is a very thin line between confidence and arrogance.
Adam Peaty - I still like to sit in a room and play games all day, so I'm a kid, really.
Adam Sandler - My comedy is different every time I do it. I don't know what the hell I'm doing.
Adam Sandler - I still get very scared when I step in front of a live audience.
Adam Sandler - Most of the stuff I do on the show comes out of me just trying to make my friends laugh.
Adam Sandler - Well, we're living in a material world, and I'm a material girl... or boy.
Adam Sandler - Sir one more comment like that and I will strangle you with my microphone wire!
Adam Sandler - With the amount of money I have, it's difficult raising children the way I was raised.
Adam Sandler - Now that I'm a parent, I understand why my father was in a bad mood a lot.
Adam Sandler - I'll continue to make the typical Adam Sandler comedies.
Adam Sandler - In high school I wanted to be a rock star and was in a lot of bands.
Adam Sandler - I grew up cursing a lot. It felt natural. My parents told me to stop.
Adam Savage - Failure is always an option.
Adam Savage - I reject your reality and substitute my own.
Adam Savage - Bigger is always better.
Adam Savage - I am now standing in a mixture of cooling fluid, gasoline, and cola.
Adam Savage - Let's blow some stuff up.
Adam Savage - Remember kids, I have life insurance.
Adam Savage - That's the show. it's like 5 minutes of science and then 10 minutes of me hurting myself.
Adam Savage - The best-case scenario is that the glass shatters in my face! How do you think that makes me feel?
Adam Savage - We're not leaving here without Buster, man. Leave no crash-test dummy behind!
Adam Savage - Being a geek is all about learning the inventories of things.
Adam Smith - The real tragedy of the poor is the poverty of their aspirations.
Adam Smith - Science is the great antidote to the poison of enthusiasm and superstition.
Adam Smith - All money is a matter of belief.
Adam Smith - Humanity is the virtue of a woman, generosity that of a man.
Adam Smith - On the road from the City of Skepticism, I had to pass through the Valley of Ambiguity.
Adam Smith - I have never known much good done by those who affected to trade for the public good.
Adam Smith - Happiness never lays its finger on its pulse.
Adam Smith - Labor was the first price, the original purchase - money that was paid for all things.
Adam Smith - No complaint... is more common than that of a scarcity of money.
Adam Smith - This is one of those cases in which the imagination is baffled by the facts.
Adam West - When you wear a mask and create a character, nothing will pigeonhole you faster.
Adam West - I've always tried to fit what I do professionally into my family, rather than the other way around.
Adam West - I have become convinced that everything that is classy doesn't go away.
Adam West - I am a simple man, though my wife says I am complicated. I'll trust her on that one.
Adam West - I have the curse of thinking funny!
Adam West - The word that scares the hell out of me is 'frail.' I don't want to be frail.
Adam West - There were definitely times when I regretted ever being Batman.
Adam West - Isn't it fun to be nuts? Isn't it fun to be crazy?
Adam West - My art, like my acting, is a profound expression of poetic license.
Adam West - The Batmobile wasn't a stickshift, and it was a challenge to drive, believe me.
Adele - I don't make music for eyes. I make music for ears.
Adele - I've never been more normal than I am now.
Adele - I have insecurities of course, but I don't hang out with anyone who points them out to me.
Adele - I'm a big personality. I walk into a room, big and tall and loud.
Adele - I love hearing my audience breathe.
Adele - I'm like Johnny Cash. I only wear black.
Adele - I am quite loud and bolshie. I'm a big personality. I walk into a room, big and tall and loud.
Adele - It's warts and all in my songs, and I think that's why people can relate to them.
Adele - I can't write another breakup record. That would be a real cliche.
Adele - Even if I did have, you know, a 'Sports Illustrated' body, I'd still wear elegant clothes.
Adlai E. Stevenson - It's hard to lead a cavalry charge if you think you look funny on a horse.
Adlai E. Stevenson - Making peace is harder than making war.
Adlai E. Stevenson - Change is inevitable. Change for the better is a full-time job.
Adlai E. Stevenson - Flattery is all right so long as you don't inhale.
Adlai E. Stevenson - It is not the years in your life but the life in your years that counts.
Adlai E. Stevenson - The human race has improved everything, but the human race.
Adlai E. Stevenson - Those who corrupt the public mind are just as evil as those who steal from the public purse.
Adlai E. Stevenson - Freedom rings where opinions clash.
Adlai E. Stevenson - Nature is neutral.
Adlai E. Stevenson - There was a time when a fool and his money were soon parted, but now it happens to everybody.
Adrienne Rich - Lying is done with words and also with silence.
Adrienne Rich - The moment of change is the only poem.
Adrienne Rich - Pride is a tricky, glorious, double-edged feeling.
Adrienne Rich - Life on the planet is born of woman.
Adrienne Rich - When a woman tells the truth she is creating the possibility for more truth around her.
Adrienne Rich - Art, whose honesty must work through artifice, cannot avoid cheating truth.
Adrienne Rich - The mind's passion is all for singling out. Obscurity has another tale to tell.
Adrienne Rich - A thinking woman sleeps with monsters.
Adrienne Rich - I keep coming back to you in my head, but you couldn't know that, and I have no carbons.
Adrienne Rich - False history gets made all day, any day, the truth of the new is never on the news.
Aesop - No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted.
Aesop - Adventure is worthwhile.
Aesop - A liar will not be believed, even when he speaks the truth.
Aesop - We hang the petty thieves and appoint the great ones to public office.
Aesop - It is not only fine feathers that make fine birds.
Aesop - Destroy the seed of evil, or it will grow up to your ruin.
Aesop - Gratitude is the sign of noble souls.
Aesop - Slow but steady wins the race.
Aesop - Appearances are often deceiving.
Aesop - Beware lest you lose the substance by grasping at the shadow.
Agatha Christie - One of the luckiest things that can happen to you in life is, I think, to have a happy childhood.
Agatha Christie - But surely for everything you have to love you have to pay some price.
Agatha Christie - If one sticks too rigidly to one's principles, one would hardly see anybody.
Agatha Christie - The best time to plan a book is while you're doing the dishes.
Agatha Christie - Very few of us are what we seem.
Agatha Christie - Every murderer is probably somebody's old friend.
Agatha Christie - Evil is not something superhuman, it's something less than human.
Agatha Christie - Everything that has existed, lingers in the Eternity.
Agatha Christie - Any woman can fool a man if she wants to and if he's in love with her.
Agatha Christie - I specialize in murders of quiet, domestic interest.
Aimee Mullins - True beauty is when someone radiates that they like themselves.
Aimee Mullins - I'm not an advocate for disability issues. Human issues are what interest me.
Aimee Mullins - A lot of my life is about will - having the will to prove what my body can do.
Aimee Mullins - Life is about making your own happiness - and living by your own rules.
Aimee Mullins - I've said this before, but I believe more than ever that confidence is sexier than any body part.
Aimee Mullins - Pamela Anderson has more prosthetic in her body than I do. Nobody calls her disabled.
Aimee Mullins - Sure, I'd love to have children some day. But world domination comes first.
Aimee Mullins - In athletics, the idea of possibility is presumed. It's not 'if;' it's 'how.'
Aimee Mullins - With L'Oreal, I get to be Aimee Mullins, model. No qualifier. And that means everything to me.
Aimee Mullins - The Pentagon isn't a place that champions individuality and innovation.
Aisha Tyler - Success is not the absence of failure; it's the persistence through failure.
Aisha Tyler - Pop culture hales you and wants you to fail.
Aisha Tyler - I'm sure I had low-level scurvy all of my childhood.
Aisha Tyler - You rarely see women being nice to each other on television anymore.
Aisha Tyler - Wounds turn into scars and scars make you tough.
Aisha Tyler - I won't apologize for choosing my career over kids.
Aisha Tyler - I grew up on the back of a motorcycle - my dad didn't have a car until I was a teenager.
Aisha Tyler - I have a lot of good girlfriends that I really love, but you know, most of my close friends are men.
Aisha Tyler - My hands are delicate and elegant, thank you very much. They're well-kept; my nails are clean.
Aisha Tyler - Every culture is very important. Dartmouth has always been dedicated to diversity of culture.
Aishwarya Rai Bachchan - My family is my strength and my weakness.
Aishwarya Rai Bachchan - I'm not the type who'll yell about my achievements from the rooftops.
Aishwarya Rai Bachchan - I always believed that my silence on several topics will be an advantage in the long run.
Aishwarya Rai Bachchan - I'm just an average woman with average concerns.
Aishwarya Rai Bachchan - I always knew I would be successful. So there was no element of surprise.
Aishwarya Rai Bachchan - I have a great story to tell... and I tell it well. No holds barred.
Aishwarya Rai Bachchan - For me, it's not about breaking big in Hollywood, but having interesting experiences.
Aishwarya Rai Bachchan - I really don't work to a plan, but I just do what interests me and what I like to do.
Aishwarya Rai Bachchan - The more you are blessed with experience, the fuller and the more enriched you are in your craft.
Aishwarya Rai Bachchan - I was more excited than scared, at the opportunity to work in an English movie.
Al Franken - No one is more sensitive to the issue of overeating than the creator of Stuart Smalley.
Al Franken - It's easier to put on slippers than to carpet the whole world.
Al Franken - Apple has long been a leading innovator of mobile technology; I myself own an iPhone.
Al Franken - Progressives, in a way, are the new conservatives. We want to conserve what we fought to build.
Al Franken - I do personal attacks only on people who specialize in personal attacks.
Al Franken - It's the Power of the Almighty, the Splendor of Nature, and then you.
Al Franken - Minnesotans know the difference between the job of satirist and the job of senator. And so do I.
Al Franken - I want to reclaim 'liberal.' I'm a liberal, and I think most Americans are liberals.
Al Franken - My daughter became a teacher right out of college.
Al Franken - Humor and seriousness are not in opposition to each other.
Al Gore - I think the cost of energy will come down when we make this transition to renewable energy.
Al Gore - I'm naturally an optimist, but my basis for hope is rooted in my understanding of human nature.
Al Gore - The first less is this: take it from me, every vote counts.
Al Gore - Airplane travel is nature's way of making you look like your passport photo.
Al Gore - A zebra does not change its spots.
Al Gore - I have absolutely no plans and no expectations of ever being a candidate again.
Al Gore - A low voter turnout is an indication of fewer people going to the polls.
Al Gore - How could this Y2K be a problem in a country where we have Intel and Microsoft?
Al Gore - During my service in the United States Congress, I took the initiative in creating the Internet.
Al Gore - The presidency is more than a popularity contest.
Al Pacino - It's easy to fool the eye but it's hard to fool the heart.
Al Pacino - I don't need bodyguards. I'm from the South Bronx.
Al Pacino - I used to wear disguises, like hats and false beards, just to walk around and avoid attention.
Al Pacino - I'm so shy now I wear sunglasses everywhere I go.
Al Pacino - Money makes your life easier. If you're lucky to have it, you're lucky.
Al Pacino - Vanity is my favourite sin.
Al Pacino - There has been a lot of self-doubt and unwelcome events in my life.
Al Pacino - The actor becomes an emotional athlete. The process is painful - my personal life suffers.
Al Pacino - Shakespeare's plays are more violent than 'Scarface.'
Al Pacino - I've often said there's two kinds of actors. There's a more gregarious type and the shy type.
Al Yankovic - My personal taste doesn't enter into it a lot when I make my decisions as to what to parody.
Al Yankovic - When I go to my live shows it's often a multigenerational audience, a family bonding experience.
Al Yankovic - Whenever I do a parody it's not meant to make you hate anybody's music really.
Al Yankovic - There aren't that many superstars around anymore.
Al Yankovic - If something is good enough, it can be out there and people will see it.
Al Yankovic - People never ask people doing serious music, 'Do you ever think about doing funny music?'
Al Yankovic - Probably 90 percent of my albums have polka medleys.
Al Yankovic - My hobbies just sort of gradually became my vocation.
Al Yankovic - I've learned how to use my spam filter pretty effectively.
Al Yankovic - I'm obviously not a rapper, and I don't have any claims to be one, really.
Alain de Botton - What is fascinating about marriage is why anyone wants to get married.
Alain de Botton - I was uncomfortable writing fiction. My love was the personal essay, rather than the novel.
Alain de Botton - I am always anxious.
Alain de Botton - Never, ever become a writer. It's a nightmare.
Alain de Botton - My writing always came out of a very personal place, out of an attempt to stay sane.
Alain de Botton - I went to church and couldn't swallow it. The music was nice but I don't belong there.
Alain de Botton - Many moments in religion seem attractive to me even though I can't believe in any of it.
Alain de Botton - I keep a picture of my beloved children close by. Also, water and plenty of pads and pens.
Alain de Botton - My father paid for my education; then he made it clear that I was on my own.
Alain de Botton - I feel that the great challenge of our time is the communication of ideas.
Alan Alda - Be brave enough to live life creatively. The creative place where no one else has ever been.
Alan Alda - When people are laughing, they're generally not killing one another.
Alan Alda - It isn't necessary to be rich and famous to be happy. It's only necessary to be rich.
Alan Alda - Be fair with others, but then keep after them until they're fair with you.
Alan Alda - Almost everybody that's well-known gets tagged with a nickname.
Alan Alda - Be as smart as you can, but remember that it is always better to be wise than to be smart.
Alan Alda - I've never tried to manipulate my image.
Alan Alda - Listening is being able to be changed by the other person.
Alan Alda - Kids are natural scientists.
Alan Alda - Backstage life is terrific training for an actor, seeing shows from the wings.
Alan Bennett - Your whole life is on the other side of the glass. And there is nobody watching.
Alan Bennett - I'm all in favour of free expression provided it's kept rigidly under control.
Alan Bennett - Were we closer to the ground as children, or is the grass emptier now?
Alan Bennett - I don't believe in private education.
Alan Bennett - If you think squash is a competitive activity, try flower arranging.
Alan Bennett - I always feel over-appreciated but underestimated.
Alan Bennett - Life is generally something that happens elsewhere.
Alan Bennett - I write plays about things that I can't resolve in my mind. I try to root things out.
Alan Bennett - I'm more socialist certainly than New Labour - I'm very old Labour, really.
Alan Bennett - All knowledge is precious whether or not it serves the slightest human use.
Alan Furst - When you move a border, suddenly life changes violently. I write about nationality.
Alan Furst - Romantic love, or sex, is the only good thing in a life that is being lived in a dark way.
Alan Furst - The best Paris I know now is in my head.
Alan Furst - If you can live in Paris, maybe you should.
Alan Furst - Moscow had this incredible, intense atmosphere of intrigue and darkness and secrecy.
Alan Furst - Spy novels are traditionally about lone wolves, but how many people actually live like that?
Alan Furst - I am a historian. I do a lot of research, and I try to get it right.
Alan Furst - I'm basically an Upper West Side Jewish writer.
Alan Furst - You can't make accommodations in crucial situations and be heroic.
Alan Furst - You write a lot of books; you hope you get better.
Alan Greenspan - Protectionism will do little to create jobs and if foreigners retaliate, we will surely lose jobs.
Alan Greenspan - Any informed borrower is simply less vulnerable to fraud and abuse.
Alan Greenspan - If I turn out to be particularly clear, you've probably misunderstood what I've said.
Alan Greenspan - Anything that we can do to raise personal savings is very much in the interest of this country.
Alan Greenspan - History has not dealt kindly with the aftermath of protracted periods of low risk premiums.
Alan Greenspan - Revolutions are something you see only in retrospect.
Alan Greenspan - Finance is wholly different from the rest the economy.
Alan Greenspan - We really can't forecast all that well, and yet we pretend that we can, but we really can't.
Alan Greenspan - We're a democratic society. Shutting down the government should not be on the agenda.
Alan Greenspan - Unless you are willing to compromise, society cannot live together.
Alan Moore - Don't leave home without your sword - your intellect.
Alan Moore - Writing is a very focused form of meditation. Just as good as sitting in a lotus position.
Alan Moore - I don't really think that very much is interesting about the superhero as an archetype.
Alan Moore - If you're functional, it doesn't matter if you're mad.
Alan Moore - I don't think any of us grew up into the world we were hoping for or expecting.
Alan Moore - I love the smell of paper in the morning; it smells like victory.
Alan Moore - I think that in an increasingly virtual world, lovingly produced artefacts are at a premium.
Alan Moore - All culture must have arisen from cult.
Alan Moore - If the audience knew what they wanted then they wouldn't be the audience, they would be the artist.
Alan Moore - I'm remote from most technology to the point that I'm kind of Amish.
Alan Rickman - I'm a lot less serious than people think.
Alan Rickman - It would be wonderful to think that the future is unknown and sort of surprising.
Alan Rickman - I have a love-hate relationship with white silk.
Alan Rickman - I don't think it's right that everybody knows everything about me.
Alan Rickman - If you could build a house on a trampoline, that would suit me fine.
Alan Rickman - Somebody with Debbie Reynolds' features doesn't get cast as the Wicked Witch.
Alan Rickman - What is it about actors? God knows I get bored with actors talking about themselves.
Alan Rickman - It's a nightmare to sit and watch a film that I'm in. There's a horrible inescapability to it.
Alan Rickman - So you can't judge the character you're playing ever.
Alan Rickman - I like it when stories are left open.
Alanis Morissette - Your political views really denote your spiritual views.
Alanis Morissette - Peace of mind for five minutes, that's what I crave.
Alanis Morissette - We'll love you just the way you are if you're perfect.
Alanis Morissette - The person who knows HOW will always have a job. The person who knows WHY will always be his boss.
Alanis Morissette - I want to walk through life instead of being dragged through it.
Alanis Morissette - I'm doing it because I choose it. And if it's not working, I can make a change.
Alanis Morissette - I remember thinking during those times that I wanted to write in a way where there are no rules.
Alanis Morissette - The thing I always default to is that I'll always be here to write songs.
Alanis Morissette - You live, you learn.
Alanis Morissette - I'll be writing songs till I die. There's just no question.
Albert Ellis - You largely constructed your depression. It wasn't given to you. Therefore, you can deconstruct it.
Albert Ellis - The art of love is largely the art of persistence.
Albert Ellis - People don't just get upset. They contribute to their upsetness.
Albert Ellis - I hope to die in the saddle seat.
Albert Ellis - Freud had a gene for inefficiency, and I think I have a gene for efficiency.
Albert Ellis - If something is irrational, that means it won't work. It's usually unrealistic.
Albert Ellis - Most people would have given up when faced with all the criticism I've received over the years.
Albert Ellis - People got insights into what was bothering them, but they hardly did a damn thing to change.
Albert Ellis - People have motives and thoughts of which they are unaware.
Albert Ellis - Rational beliefs bring us closer to getting good results in the real world.
Albert Schweitzer - The purpose of human life is to serve, and to show compassion and the will to help others.
Albert Schweitzer - There are two means of refuge from the miseries of life: music and cats.
Albert Schweitzer - Do something wonderful, people may imitate it.
Albert Schweitzer - Happiness is nothing more than good health and a bad memory.
Albert Schweitzer - The first step in the evolution of ethics is a sense of solidarity with other human beings.
Albert Schweitzer - Example is leadership.
Albert Schweitzer - Example is not the main thing in influencing others. It is the only thing.
Albert Schweitzer - The tragedy of life is what dies inside a man while he lives.
Albert Schweitzer - Do not let Sunday be taken from you. If your soul has no Sunday, it becomes an orphan.
Albert Schweitzer - We are all so much together, but we are all dying of loneliness.
Alec Baldwin - Remember, sex is like a Chinese dinner. It ain't over 'til you both get your cookie.
Alec Baldwin - I just love Rome. It really does cast a spell on you.
Alec Baldwin - Getting older is hard.
Alec Baldwin - I wish I could play the lead role in one movie, one great movie.
Alec Baldwin - For better or ill, I was very heavily influenced by men I knew who always dressed formally.
Alec Baldwin - Grown-ups yell. I don't know why, but they do.
Alec Baldwin - You have a lot of optimism when you are young.
Alec Baldwin - My children are the only thing in my life that makes me happy.
Alec Baldwin - I find myself bitter, defensive, and more misanthropic than I care to admit.
Alec Baldwin - I just can't live in New York anymore.
Aleister Crowley - Do what thou wilt shall be the whole of the law.
Aleister Crowley - To me a book is a message from the gods to mankind; or, if not, should never be published at all.
Aleister Crowley - The people who have really made history are the martyrs.
Aleister Crowley - In the absence of willpower the most complete collection of virtues and talents is wholly worthless.
Aleister Crowley - The pious pretense that evil does not exist only makes it vague, enormous and menacing.
Aleister Crowley - Ordinary morality is only for ordinary people.
Aleister Crowley - Intolerance is evidence of impotence.
Aleister Crowley - Paganism is wholesome because it faces the facts of life.
Aleister Crowley - Falsehood is invariably the child of fear in one form or another.
Aleister Crowley - I have never grown out of the infantile belief that the universe was made for me to suck.
Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu - Cinema is universal, beyond flags and borders and passports.
Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu - Life and death are illusions. We are in a constant state of transformation.
Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu - I really didn't want to become branded as 'that multistructural guy.'
Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu - 'Birdman' came from a very beautiful side of me, from a part of honesty and surrender about things.
Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu - Filmmaking can give you everything, but at the same time, it can take everything from you.
Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu - I have always said that innocence is much more powerful than experience.
Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu - 'Biutiful' is not about death. It's about life. It's a hymn to life.
Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu - Movies started out as an extension of a magic trick, so making a spectacle is part of the game.
Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu - Fear of the unknown is a great creative partner.
Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu - As a city, it is always compelling. But every day in Mexico City, I give thanks that I am alive.
Alejandro Jodorowsky - People say I am mad. I am not mad. I am trying to heal my soul.
Alejandro Jodorowsky - My ego every day is more and more polite. I tame it.
Alejandro Jodorowsky - Birds born in cages think that flying is a disease.
Alejandro Jodorowsky - We all exist in our own personal reality of craziness.
Alejandro Jodorowsky - Five cats and a woman. That is all I need in life.
Alejandro Jodorowsky - If God gives you chocolate, you open your mouth, no?
Alejandro Jodorowsky - I am like the rain: I go where I'm needed.
Alejandro Jodorowsky - We are all working for the immortality of the human consciousness.
Alejandro Jodorowsky - I am not a normal person. I am living in a normal body, but my mind is not normal.
Alejandro Jodorowsky - My wife is 37 years younger than me. I don't feel the difference.
Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn - The battleline between good and evil runs through the heart of every man.
Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn - Talent is always conscious of its own abundance, and does not object to sharing.
Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn - A state of war only serves as an excuse for domestic tyranny.
Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn - In our country the lie has become not just a moral category but a pillar of the State.
Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn - Not everything has a name. Some things lead us into a realm beyond words.
Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn - The salvation of mankind lies only in making everything the concern of all.
Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn - If one is forever cautious, can one remain a human being?
Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn - For us in Russia communism is a dead dog. For many people in the West, it is still a living lion.
Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn - A man is happy so long as he chooses to be happy and nothing can stop him.
Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn - Everything you add to the truth subtracts from the truth.
Alessia Cara - Every time I sing, it it's a reminder to myself that I have to be confident.
Alessia Cara - I keep my hair curly and natural because I really just wanna show who I am.
Alessia Cara - Ninety per cent of my family are hairdressers, and the other 10% are construction workers.
Alessia Cara - I was always so scared to sing in front of people. That was kind of my weird thing.
Alessia Cara - I was a troublemaking kid.
Alessia Cara - I wanted to get through high school anonymously.
Alessia Cara - Flannel shirts, denim, Converse, a guitar, messy hair? That's literally me.
Alessia Cara - I was a very strange child.
Alessia Cara - I don't really dance. I don't drink or smoke. Being at parties is very awkward.
Alessia Cara - I barely have time to think. But the best way to stay grounded is to take it one day at a time.
Alex Berenson - If only the human body could handle trauma as well as biotechnology stocks do.
Alex Berenson - Even a war zone looks peaceful in most places, most of the time.
Alex Berenson - Publicly traded United States companies report sales and profits to investors every quarter.
Alex Berenson - Never underestimate the power of Abby Joseph Cohen.
Alex Berenson - Volatility may be rising simply because investors must digest more information every day.
Alex Berenson - Downhill track sports like luge are technology battles, as exciting as a NASCAR qualifying day.
Alex Berenson - Plumbing is usually boring.
Alex Berenson - Individual income can grow only as fast as productivity rises.
Alex Berenson - Even so, sometimes I wish I did have a little bit more flair in my language.
Alex Berenson - Sergeant Bergdahl may have broken any number of military laws.
Alex Rodriguez - I just don't see the light. Where is the light? What am I in this for?
Alex Rodriguez - I had a great year and left my guts out on the field.
Alex Rodriguez - I'm a terrible singer. I feel lucky to play baseball. You can't be gifted in everything.
Alex Rodriguez - I don't trust anyone except a very, very few people.
Alex Rodriguez - I'm never happy with my performance.
Alex Rodriguez - Babe Ruth is an icon, in sports and in our society.
Alex Rodriguez - I never like to think about going back; I only look forward.
Alex Rodriguez - I'm guilty for a lot of things.
Alex Rodriguez - When I grew up, baseball was the No. 1 sport.
Alex Rodriguez - There are a lot of people who don't like me.
Alexander McQueen - Fashion should be a form of escapism, and not a form of imprisonment.
Alexander McQueen - I'm not interested in being liked.
Alexander McQueen - There has to be a balance between your mental satisfaction and the financial needs of your company.
Alexander McQueen - I never look at other people's work. My mind has to be completely focused on my own illusions.
Alexander McQueen - I want to empower women. I want people to be afraid of the women I dress.
Alexander McQueen - Give me time and I'll give you a revolution.
Alexander McQueen - I don't want to be too proud, but I have a good personal style.
Alexander McQueen - I've had good times; I've had bad times.
Alexander McQueen - You can only go forward by making mistakes.
Alexander McQueen - Rap music's been around for too long now to be inspirational. The words are, but the music isn't.
Alexander Pope - To be angry is to revenge the faults of others on ourselves.
Alexander Pope - A work of art that contains theories is like an object on which the price tag has been left.
Alexander Pope - To err is human; to forgive, divine.
Alexander Pope - On life's vast ocean diversely we sail. Reasons the card, but passion the gale.
Alexander Pope - A little learning is a dangerous thing; Drink deep, or taste not the Pierian spring.
Alexander Pope - On wrongs swift vengeance waits.
Alexander Pope - The ruling passion, be it what it will. The ruling passion conquers reason still.
Alexander Pope - The difference is too nice - Where ends the virtue or begins the vice.
Alexander Pope - All nature is but art unknown to thee.
Alexander Pope - Blessed is the man who expects nothing, for he shall never be disappointed was the ninth beatitude.
Alexander the Great - I am not afraid of an army of lions led by a sheep; I am afraid of an army of sheep led by a lion.
Alexander the Great - There is nothing impossible to him who will try.
Alexander the Great - I am dying from the treatment of too many physicians.
Alexander the Great - Heaven cannot brook two suns, nor earth two masters.
Alexander the Great - I am indebted to my father for living, but to my teacher for living well.
Alexander the Great - How great are the dangers I face to win a good name in Athens.
Alexander the Great - A tomb now suffices him for whom the whole world was not sufficient.
Alexander the Great - Remember upon the conduct of each depends the fate of all.
Alexander the Great - If I were not Alexander, I would be Diogenes.
Alexander the Great - I do not pilfer victory.
Alexandra Daddario - I'm a combination between extreme insecurity and extreme confidence.
Alexandra Daddario - I'm really easily affected by horror films. I have pretty strong reactions to them.
Alexandra Daddario - I'm very into fantasy films.
Alexandra Daddario - I love stories about people that, whatever situation they're in, you can relate to them in a way.
Alexandra Daddario - Finding a stylist is a little like finding a date; you have to find who is right for you.
Alexandra Daddario - I was obsessed with Nancy Drew growing up - I couldn't get enough.
Alexandra Daddario - You never know what's really going to hit.
Alexandra Daddario - I do consider myself to be a smart, tough girl.
Alexandra Daddario - I didn't expect anything crazy to happen from 'True Detective.'
Alexandra Daddario - I'm just really excited to be doing what I love, and I think that's the best part about all of this.
Alexei Sayle - You can't do comedy with a beard.
Alexei Sayle - People used to think I was just a shouty comic but I was doing stuff about Sartre.
Alexei Sayle - Most of my friends are women - I quite fancied being a woman in a way.
Alexei Sayle - I am quite girly.
Alexei Sayle - It always seemed to be a constant that my parents were political.
Alexei Sayle - Honestly, sometimes I get really fed up of my subconscious - it's like it's got a mind of its own.
Alexei Sayle - I'm an intellectual.
Alexei Sayle - I wanted to write about how people's beliefs shift.
Alexei Sayle - People aren't universally heroic.
Alexei Sayle - I'm distinct, really.
Alexis de Tocqueville - There are many men of principle in both parties in America, but there is no party of principle.
Alexis de Tocqueville - History is a gallery of pictures in which there are few originals and many copies.
Alexis de Tocqueville - Liberty cannot be established without morality, nor morality without faith.
Alexis de Tocqueville - Life is to be entered upon with courage.
Alexis de Tocqueville - When the past no longer illuminates the future, the spirit walks in darkness.
Alexis de Tocqueville - Those that despise people will never get the best out of others and themselves.
Alexis de Tocqueville - The whole life of an American is passed like a game of chance, a revolutionary crisis, or a battle.
Alexis de Tocqueville - The Indian knew how to live without wants, to suffer without complaint, and to die singing.
Alexis de Tocqueville - In politics shared hatreds are almost always the basis of friendships.
Alexis de Tocqueville - The power of the periodical press is second only to that of the people.
Alfred Adler - My difficulties belong to me!
Alfred Adler - Exaggerated sensitiveness is an expression of the feeling of inferiority.
Alfred Adler - There is no such thing as talent. There is pressure.
Alfred Adler - The chief danger in life is that you may take too many precautions.
Alfred Adler - The only normal people are the ones you don't know very well.
Alfred Adler - It is always easier to fight for one's principles than to live up to them.
Alfred Adler - The neurotic is nailed to the cross of his fiction.
Alfred Adler - Man knows much more than he understands.
Alfred Adler - Our modern states are preparing for war without even knowing the future enemy.
Alfred Adler - To all those who walk the path of human cooperation war must appear loathsome and inhuman.
Alfred Hitchcock - Revenge is sweet and not fattening.
Alfred Hitchcock - A good film is when the price of the dinner, the theatre admission and the babysitter were worth it.
Alfred Hitchcock - Always make the audience suffer as much as possible.
Alfred Hitchcock - There is no terror in the bang, only in the anticipation of it.
Alfred Hitchcock - What is drama but life with the dull bits cut out.
Alfred Hitchcock - A lot of movies are about life, mine are like a slice of cake.
Alfred Hitchcock - Blondes make the best victims. They're like virgin snow that shows up the bloody footprints.
Alfred Hitchcock - Drama is life with the dull bits cut out.
Alfred Hitchcock - The more successful the villain, the more successful the picture.
Alfred Hitchcock - In feature films the director is God; in documentary films God is the director.
Alfred Lord Tennyson - 'Tis better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at all.
Alfred Lord Tennyson - Hope smiles from the threshold of the year to come, whispering, 'It will be happier.'
Alfred Lord Tennyson - To strive, to seek, to find, and not to yield.
Alfred Lord Tennyson - Knowledge comes, but wisdom lingers.
Alfred Lord Tennyson - There lives more faith in honest doubt, believe me, than in half the creeds.
Alfred Lord Tennyson - Let the great world spin for ever down the ringing grooves of change.
Alfred Lord Tennyson - Who is wise in love, love most, say least.
Alfred Lord Tennyson - My strength is as the strength of ten, because my heart is pure.
Alfred Lord Tennyson - Theirs is not to make reply: Theirs is not to reason why: Theirs is but to do and die.
Alfred Lord Tennyson - And out of darkness came the hands that reach thro' nature, moulding men.
Alfred North Whitehead - The art of progress is to preserve order amid change and to preserve change amid order.
Alfred North Whitehead - True courage is not the brutal force of vulgar heroes, but the firm resolve of virtue and reason.
Alfred North Whitehead - Art attracts us only by what it reveals of our most secret self.
Alfred North Whitehead - Almost all new ideas have a certain aspect of foolishness when they are first produced.
Alfred North Whitehead - Not ignorance, but ignorance of ignorance, is the death of knowledge.
Alfred North Whitehead - Speak out in acts; the time for words has passed, and only deeds will suffice.
Alfred North Whitehead - When you're average, you're just as close to the bottom as you are the top.
Alfred North Whitehead - I would be a billionaire if I was looking to be a selfish boss. That's not me.
Alfred North Whitehead - Periods of tranquility are seldom prolific of creative achievement. Mankind has to be stirred up.
Alfred North Whitehead - Ideas won't keep; something must be done about them.
Alice Cooper - The two most joyous times of the year are Christmas morning and the end of school.
Alice Cooper - The hippies wanted peace and love. We wanted Ferraris, blondes and switchblades.
Alice Cooper - I'm very romantic, I'm extremely romantic. I date my wife.
Alice Cooper - There was a period of time when I thought I had to be Alice Cooper all the time.
Alice Cooper - We wanted it more live and raw. We didn't want a studio sound.
Alice Cooper - We just set it up and recorded it the way we played it. But that was the way we played it then.
Alice Cooper - We play it differently now. If we did the album now it would be different.
Alice Cooper - We try to be as much involved in our product as possible, because then it's us.
Alice Cooper - Yet I was Marilyn Manson - times 10.
Alice Cooper - I'm 18 and I like it!
Alice Walker - In search of my mother's garden, I found my own.
Alice Walker - How simple a thing it seems to me that to know ourselves as we are, we must know our mothers names.
Alice Walker - I think it pisses God off if you walk by the color purple in a field somewhere and don't notice it.
Alice Walker - No person is your friend who demands your silence, or denies your right to grow.
Alice Walker - The most common way people give up their power is by thinking they don't have any.
Alice Walker - Expect nothing. Live frugally on surprise.
Alice Walker - Is solace anywhere more comforting than that in the arms of a sister.
Alice Walker - Womanist is to feminist as purple is to lavender.
Alice Walker - Nobody is as powerful as we make them out to be.
Alice Walker - Tea to the English is really a picnic indoors.
Alice Waters - The decisions you make are a choice of values that reflect your life in every way.
Alice Waters - I'm an optimist. I'm hopeful.
Alice Waters - Whenever I want to know how to cook something, I can't ask one chef - I have to ask six.
Alice Waters - I know once people get connected to real food, they never change back.
Alice Waters - I have a fireplace in my kitchen that I light every night, no matter what.
Alice Waters - I used to think that I wanted to be a hat maker, but I don't think that would have worked out.
Alice Waters - I think health is the outcome of finding a balance and some satisfaction at the table.
Alice Waters - Food isn't like anything else. It's something precious. It's not a commodity.
Alice Waters - To have a basic ingredient that can be prepared a million different ways is a beautiful thing.
Alice Waters - I try not to do anything that's immoral.
Alicia Keys - My mom is definitely my rock.
Alicia Keys - I'm not ashamed of what I am and that I have curves and that I'm thick. I like my body.
Alicia Keys - Maturity and experience are part of my liberation.
Alicia Keys - I always want to stay focused on who I am, even as I'm discovering who I am.
Alicia Keys - Soul music is timeless.
Alicia Keys - I see what happens when one gets very attached to material things. That's just not what my life is.
Alicia Keys - Simplicity makes me happy.
Alicia Keys - But when I first fell in love with the piano, I knew it was me. I was dying to play.
Alicia Keys - I love the written word so much, I know it's gonna flow naturally.
Alicia Keys - I really like to live my life in a low-key fashion.
Alison Krauss - Oh Mr. Webster could never define what's being said between your heart and mine.
Alison Krauss - I love being in the world of the unknown.
Alison Krauss - I don't look for bliss, just contentment.
Alison Krauss - If you don't know what makes green, you're going to try every color combination.
Alison Krauss - I think you translate emotion better when you take your hands off.
Alison Krauss - You say it best, when you say nothing at all.
Alison Krauss - A whole album to one writer - now that would be really interesting.
Alison Krauss - I love hard singing.
Alison Krauss - People are always very nice.
Alison Krauss - Growing up, we had folk records.
Allen Ginsberg - Follow your inner moonlight; don't hide the madness.
Allen Ginsberg - Democracy! Bah! When I hear that I reach for my feather boa!
Allen Ginsberg - Poets are Damned... but See with the Eyes of Angels.
Allen Ginsberg - I saw the best minds of my generation destroyed by madness, starving hysterical naked.
Allen Ginsberg - Whoever controls the media, the images, controls the culture.
Allen Ginsberg - The weight of the world is love. Under the burden of solitude, under the burden of dissatisfaction.
Allen Ginsberg - America I'm putting my queer shoulder to the wheel.
Allen Ginsberg - My own experience is that a certain kind of genius among students is best brought out in bed.
Allen Ginsberg - America, how can I write a holy litany in your silly mood?
Allen Ginsberg - America, I've given you all and now I'm nothing.
Allen Iverson - If you're from Virginia, then you know some white people from Poquoson don't like black people.
Allen Iverson - Being an All-Star is everything.
Allen Iverson - I failed, got back up. I failed, got back up.
Allen Iverson - When you are not practicing, someone else is getting better.
Allen Iverson - I just feel this is my planet.
Allen Iverson - I made a lot of mistakes. And obviously, it cost me.
Allen Iverson - I am sick of defending myself, and I am not going to keep on doing it.
Allen Iverson - I don't care. I feel like if we don't make a trade, we have to get it done with what we've got.
Allen Iverson - I had a lot of growing up to do. A lot of times, I learned the hard way.
Allen Iverson - I don't watch college basketball.
Allison Williams - My mom has beautiful eyes, and I inherited a lot of her rituals, accentuating eyes.
Allison Williams - I'm a major breath person, so I always have gum, mints.
Allison Williams - I'm a big Aqua fan. 'Barbie Girl' was a big deal growing up.
Allison Williams - I want to play a villain. I want to play a romantic heroine.
Allison Williams - I'm a master assembler of Ikea furniture, in case anyone wants to know.
Allison Williams - I love seeing blank days in my calendar.
Allison Williams - It's safe to say I'm a comedy nerd. I listen to so many podcasts. I just love to laugh.
Allison Williams - I was only allowed only to watch public television until I was 12 years old.
Allison Williams - I am not someone who thinks that a million products will mean that you'll look perfect.
Allison Williams - I love dancing. It's one of my favorite things in the whole world.
Alvin Toffler - The biggest tragedy I had was the loss of my daughter from neuromuscular disease in 2000, at age 46.
Alvin Toffler - Our technological powers increase, but the side effects and potential hazards also escalate.
Alvin Toffler - Nobody knows the future with certainty. We can, however, identify ongoing patterns of change.
Alvin Toffler - Parenthood remains the greatest single preserve of the amateur.
Alvin Toffler - Profits, like sausages... are esteemed most by those who know least about what goes into them.
Alvin Toffler - The Law of Raspberry Jam: the wider any culture is spread, the thinner it gets.
Alvin Toffler - Knowledge is the most democratic source of power.
Alvin Toffler - It is better to err on the side of daring than the side of caution.
Alvin Toffler - The great growling engine of change - technology.
Alvin Toffler - Technology feeds on itself. Technology makes more technology possible.
Ambrose Bierce - Bride: A woman with a fine prospect of happiness behind her.
Ambrose Bierce - Who never doubted, never half believed. Where doubt is, there truth is - it is her shadow.
Ambrose Bierce - War is God's way of teaching Americans geography.
Ambrose Bierce - The hardest tumble a man can make is to fall over his own bluff.
Ambrose Bierce - Egotist: a person more interested in himself than in me.
Ambrose Bierce - Saint: A dead sinner revised and edited.
Ambrose Bierce - Laziness. Unwarranted repose of manner in a person of low degree.
Ambrose Bierce - Sweater, n.: garment worn by child when its mother is feeling chilly.
Ambrose Bierce - Cynic, n: a blackguard whose faulty vision sees things as they are, not as they ought to be.
Ambrose Bierce - Divorce: a resumption of diplomatic relations and rectification of boundaries.
Amelia Earhart - The most effective way to do it, is to do it.
Amelia Earhart - Never interrupt someone doing what you said couldn't be done.
Amelia Earhart - Adventure is worthwhile in itself.
Amelia Earhart - Courage is the price that life exacts for granting peace.
Amelia Earhart - Never do things others can do and will do if there are things others cannot do or will not do.
Amelia Earhart - I want to do it because I want to do it.
Amelia Earhart - There are two kinds of stones, as everyone knows, one of which rolls.
Amelia Earhart - Flying might not be all plain sailing, but the fun of it is worth the price.
Amelia Earhart - I have often said that the lure of flying is the lure of beauty.
Amelia Earhart - The woman who can create her own job is the woman who will win fame and fortune.
Amiri Baraka - God has been replaced, as he has all over the West, with respectability and air conditioning.
Amiri Baraka - You can't be an American without being related to other Americans.
Amiri Baraka - To name something is to wait for it in the place you think it will pass.
Amiri Baraka - A man is either free or he is not. There cannot be any apprenticeship for freedom.
Amiri Baraka - I met Malcolm the month before he was killed. He deeply changed my mind about America.
Amiri Baraka - As a political artist, I think you have to learn how to create art, no matter what your ideology is.
Amiri Baraka - The black artist's role in America is to aid in the destruction of America as he knows it.
Amiri Baraka - I always liked jazz. And my people liked the old blues, race records and the doo-wop and all that.
Amiri Baraka - I had a little portable typewriter. I call it my Harlem Literary Fellowship.
Amiri Baraka - I was Everett LeRoi Jones. My grandfather's name was Everett.
Amitabh Bachchan - Life is a blur when one is essaying different roles; it is so fulfilling.
Amitabh Bachchan - It's a war zone, my body, and one which has been through a great deal.
Amitabh Bachchan - There are many things that I feel I have missed out on.
Amitabh Bachchan - I'd love to romance Aishwarya Rai. But I'm 58 now. So I have to play her father.
Amitabh Bachchan - Mr. Leonardo DiCaprio - he be soo gorgeous, no wonder all the ladies flockin' to him - He be Gatsby.
Amitabh Bachchan - I have never really been confident about my career at any stage.
Amitabh Bachchan - I have never been a superstar and never believed in it.
Amitabh Bachchan - Dearest TV media and vans outside my home, please do not stress and work so hard.
Amitabh Bachchan - Everyone must accept that we will age and age is not always flattering.
Amitabh Bachchan - I don't use any techniques; I'm not trained to be an actor. I just enjoy working in films.
Amy Winehouse - Every bad situation is a blues song waiting to happen.
Amy Winehouse - There's no point in saying anything but the truth.
Amy Winehouse - I'm happiest with my family around me.
Amy Winehouse - I do suffer from depression, I suppose. Which isn't that unusual. You know, a lot of people do.
Amy Winehouse - I fall in love every day. Not with people but with situations.
Amy Winehouse - I would say that jazz is my own language.
Amy Winehouse - I'm not frightened of appearing vulnerable.
Amy Winehouse - Some men do think I'm a psycho bunny-boiler.
Amy Winehouse - I was hit by a car once on my bike, but I still rode home.
Amy Winehouse - I listen to music that is of our time and I just get angry.
Anatole France - If the path be beautiful, let us not ask where it leads.
Anatole France - Until one has loved an animal a part of one's soul remains unawakened.
Anatole France - To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream; not only plan, but also believe.
Anatole France - It is by acts and not by ideas that people live.
Anatole France - It is better to understand little than to misunderstand a lot.
Anatole France - Wandering re-establishes the original harmony which once existed between man and the universe.
Anatole France - If a million people say a foolish thing, it is still a foolish thing.
Anatole France - To imagine is everything, to know is nothing at all.
Anatole France - Chance is perhaps the pseudonym of God when he did not want to sign.
Anatole France - A person is never happy except at the price of some ignorance.
Andie MacDowell - Sexiness comes with maturity.
Andie MacDowell - There is a comfortable feeling in small towns. It is salubrious.
Andie MacDowell - I'm really not techno-savvy - that's just not my personality.
Andie MacDowell - During Katherine Hepburn's time when she was just coming into her own at 40.
Andie MacDowell - I always say that kindness is the greatest beauty that you can have.
Andie MacDowell - I think sometimes we seem to obsess on negativity.
Andie MacDowell - I'm sorry, but in my generation and where I came from, only sailors got tattoos. Not ladies.
Andie MacDowell - During my teen years, I was real emotional. I could be really up or down.
Andie MacDowell - I think hidden underneath a lot of teachers are very sexy women.
Andie MacDowell - My favourite thing is to be somebody else, no longer be me.
Andre Gide - Man cannot discover new oceans unless he has the courage to lose sight of the shore.
Andre Gide - One does not discover new lands without consenting to lose sight of the shore for a very long time.
Andre Gide - It is only in adventure that some people succeed in knowing themselves - in finding themselves.
Andre Gide - It is better to be hated for what you are than to be loved for something you are not.
Andre Gide - Art is a collaboration between God and the artist, and the less the artist does the better.
Andre Gide - Be faithful to that which exists within yourself.
Andre Gide - Complete possession is proved only by giving. All you are unable to give possesses you.
Andre Gide - Not everyone can be an orphan.
Andre Gide - A straight path never leads anywhere except to the objective.
Andre Gide - Believe those who are seeking the truth. Doubt those who find it.
Andre Maurois - A happy marriage is a long conversation which always seems too short.
Andre Maurois - A successful marriage is an edifice that must be rebuilt every day.
Andre Maurois - Smile, for everyone lacks self-confidence and more than any other one thing a smile reassures them.
Andre Maurois - Conversation would be vastly improved by the constant use of four simple words: I do not know.
Andre Maurois - The first recipe for happiness is: avoid too lengthy meditation on the past.
Andre Maurois - The difficult part in an argument is not to defend one's opinion but rather to know it.
Andre Maurois - Business is a combination of war and sport.
Andre Maurois - Growing old is no more than a bad habit which a busy person has no time to form.
Andre Maurois - Without a family, man, alone in the world, trembles with the cold.
Andre Maurois - We owe to the Middle Ages the two worst inventions of humanity - romantic love and gunpowder.
Andrea Bocelli - All that counts in life is intention.
Andrea Bocelli - I've always known that I was born to sing, ever since I was a child.
Andrea Bocelli - I'm a country boy, and we're the product of our upbringing. As a boy, I was told that men don't cry.
Andrea Bocelli - Criticism in good faith is good. When it's targeted solely to destruction, I'm not interested.
Andrea Bocelli - Success is related to faith. Faith comes first.
Andrea Bocelli - To sing opera, one needs two things: the voice and the passion - and above all, the passion.
Andrea Bocelli - To sing a song is like whispering to a child's ear. It is an art heavily relying on improvisation.
Andrea Bocelli - In essence, I set myself the objective of doing what I feel is right without having any ambition.
Andrea Bocelli - You can be great only if it is your destiny.
Andrea Bocelli - Some years ago I gave a concert in the mountains with snow all around, and that was much colder.
Andrew Carnegie - No man will make a great leader who wants to do it all himself or get all the credit for doing it.
Andrew Carnegie - Do not look for approval except for the consciousness of doing your best.
Andrew Carnegie - You cannot push any one up a ladder unless he be willing to climb a little himself.
Andrew Carnegie - Whatever I engage in, I must push inordinately.
Andrew Carnegie - All honor's wounds are self-inflicted.
Andrew Carnegie - There is little success where there is little laughter.
Andrew Carnegie - As I grow older, I pay less attention to what men say. I just watch what they do.
Andrew Carnegie - I would as soon leave my son a curse as the almighty dollar.
Andrew Carnegie - Do your duty and a little more and the future will take care of itself.
Andrew Carnegie - No person will make a great business who wants to do it all himself or get all the credit.
Andrew Jackson - There is no pleasure in having nothing to do; the fun is having lots to do and not doing it.
Andrew Jackson - Take time to deliberate; but when the time for action arrives, stop thinking and go in.
Andrew Jackson - Heaven will be no heaven to me if I do not meet my wife there.
Andrew Jackson - Elevate those guns a little lower.
Andrew Jackson - You must pay the price if you wish to secure the blessing.
Andrew Jackson - I've got big shoes to fill. This is my chance to do something. I have to seize the moment.
Andrew Jackson - The Bible is the rock on which this Republic rests.
Andrew Jackson - The wisdom of man never yet contrived a system of taxation that would operate with perfect equality.
Andrew Jackson - It is a damn poor mind indeed which can't think of at least two ways to spell any word.
Andrew Jackson - There are no necessary evils in government. Its evils exist only in its abuses.
Andrew Lloyd Webber - I've got to find something and if I find something that I like, I'll do it. If I don't, I won't.
Andrew Lloyd Webber - People in Britain always think of 'Jesus Christ Superstar' as a musical - it wasn't.
Andrew Lloyd Webber - Surely, you go to the theater because you want to have a great evening in the theater.
Andrew Lloyd Webber - It doesn't stand up to huge intellectual scrutiny.
Andrew Lloyd Webber - A couple of back operations didn't cure anything, but instead, things got worse and worse and worse.
Andrew Lloyd Webber - I've a rare Turkish swimming cat.
Andrew Lloyd Webber - The arts are the one thing that appeal right across all forms of politics, race, creed - everything.
Andrew Lloyd Webber - I don't really care very much if I don't think that the critics really understand music.
Andrew Lloyd Webber - Disgracefully, the arts have too often borne the brunt of short-sighted cuts to educational budgets.
Andrew Lloyd Webber - People like to put you into a box. I'm afraid I don't sit in a box.
Andy Cohen - The Internet is for haters. Everyone wants to knock somebody down, but it's cool.
Andy Cohen - I love divas. Madonna, Mariah, Beyonce, Britney.
Andy Cohen - Follow your passion. Be yourself, but check yourself before you wreck yourself.
Andy Cohen - TV was my hobby. I loved the glitz. I loved how hot everybody was.
Andy Cohen - I'm happy to be everybody's gay best friend.
Andy Cohen - I never say I work in television, I say I get to work in television.
Andy Cohen - The thing that's fun about the 'Housewives' is talking to your friends about it.
Andy Cohen - Like when I host a party. I hope my guests get along. But if not, how interesting!
Andy Cohen - I've been gay since the day I was born.
Andy Cohen - I'm a lifetime St. Louis Cardinals fan.
Andy Goldsworthy - Snow provokes responses that reach right back to childhood.
Andy Goldsworthy - A stone is ingrained with geological and historical memories.
Andy Goldsworthy - Even in winter an isolated patch of snow has a special quality.
Andy Goldsworthy - I did tests on small stones before collecting and committing myself to the larger ones.
Andy Goldsworthy - It's frightening and unnerving to watch a stone melt.
Andy Goldsworthy - Confrontation is something that I accept as part of the project though not its purpose.
Andy Goldsworthy - People also leave presence in a place even when they are no longer there.
Andy Goldsworthy - I enjoy working in a quiet and subversive way.
Andy Goldsworthy - Not being able to touch is sometimes as interesting as being able to touch.
Andy Goldsworthy - Winter makes a bridge between one year and another and, in this case, one century and the next.
Andy Grove - Success breeds complacency. Complacency breeds failure. Only the paranoid survive.
Andy Grove - Leaders have to act more quickly today. The pressure comes much faster.
Andy Grove - Only the paranoid survive.
Andy Grove - There are so many people working so hard and achieving so little.
Andy Grove - I did not want to become a poster child for yet another disease.
Andy Grove - The Internet doesn't change everything. It doesn't change supply and demand.
Andy Grove - Privacy is one of the biggest problems in this new electronic age.
Andy Grove - Not all problems have a technological answer, but when they do, that is the more lasting solution.
Andy Grove - So give me a turbulent world as opposed to a quiet world and I'll take the turbulent one.
Andy Grove - A career in journalism suddenly lost its appeal.
Andy Murray - When I'm in Miami I like to go and watch basketball, the Miami Heat.
Andy Murray - To be honest, I think bananas are a pathetic fruit.
Andy Murray - I am Scottish. I am also British.
Andy Murray - You can't focus on other people's careers. Everybody is different.
Andy Murray - I tend not to argue about things that I don't believe in.
Andy Murray - Normally I sleep for 9, 10 hours a night.
Andy Murray - I'm definitely open to change, but at the same time I am quite stubborn.
Andy Murray - It's not the end of the world to lose.
Andy Murray - I don't play any tournaments to come second best.
Andy Murray - I believe you should give 100% on the court, so I chase every ball.
Andy Rooney - All men are not created equal but should be treated as though they were under the law.
Andy Rooney - We need people who can actually do things. We have too many bosses and too few workers.
Andy Rooney - If you smile when no one else is around, you really mean it.
Andy Rooney - People will generally accept facts as truth only if the facts agree with what they already believe.
Andy Rooney - Would a real man get caught eating a twinkie?
Andy Rooney - We're all proud of making little mistakes. It gives us the feeling we don't make any big ones.
Andy Rooney - I didn't get old on purpose, it just happened. If you're lucky, it could happen to you.
Andy Rooney - The average dog is a nicer person than the average person.
Andy Rooney - Nothing in fine print is ever good news.
Andy Rooney - If dogs could talk it would take a lot of the fun out of owning one.
Andy Serkis - Be magnificent. Life's short. Get out there. You can do it. Everyone can do it. Everyone.
Andy Serkis - You never really know why you become an actor: it's a visceral thing, an emotional thing.
Andy Serkis - My livelihood depends on the art of animators.
Andy Serkis - I do have anger management issues. Not clinical. Probably no more than most people.
Andy Serkis - I play saxophone, I play tenor sax.
Andy Serkis - Mountaineering has always been a huge hobby of mine.
Andy Serkis - Gorilla tourism is vital to Rwanda's economy: It's the third highest source of income.
Andy Serkis - Thank God for Skype!
Andy Serkis - I love acting and certainly won't give it up, but it's part of a bigger canvas for me now.
Andy Serkis - The learning curve is 'The Hobbit' is being shot in 3D.
Angela Davis - What this country needs is more unemployed politicians.
Angela Davis - I'm involved in the work around prison rights in general.
Angela Davis - Radical simply means 'grasping things at the root.'
Angela Davis - We have to talk about liberating minds as well as liberating society.
Angela Davis - We know the road to freedom has always been stalked by death.
Angela Davis - When Bush says democracy, I often wonder what he's referring to.
Angela Davis - I'm suggesting that we abolish the social function of prisons.
Angela Davis - Well of course I get depressed sometimes, yes I do.
Angela Davis - I never saw myself as an individual who had any particular leadership powers.
Angela Davis - First of all, I didn't suggest that we should simply get rid of all prisons.
Angela Merkel - When it comes to human dignity, we cannot make compromises.
Angela Merkel - The question is not whether we are able to change but whether we are changing fast enough.
Angela Merkel - Spying among friends is never acceptable.
Angela Merkel - The euro is our common fate, and Europe is our common future.
Angela Merkel - Germany wants peaceful coexistence of Muslims and members of other religions.
Angela Merkel - Whoever decides to dedicate their life to politics knows that earning money isn't the top priority.
Angela Merkel - It is nonsense to say that Germans are unable to change.
Angela Merkel - Politicians have to be committed to people in equal measures.
Angela Merkel - The willingness to learn new skills is very high.
Angela Merkel - Today's Russia is not to be compared with the Soviet Union of back then.
Angelina Jolie - Where ever I am I always find myself looking out the window wishing I was somewhere else.
Angelina Jolie - Make bold choices and make mistakes. It's all those things that add up to the person you become.
Angelina Jolie - If I make a fool of myself, who cares? I'm not frightened by anyone's perception of me.
Angelina Jolie - I've been reckless, but I'm not a rebel without a cause.
Angelina Jolie - When other little girls wanted to be ballet dancers I kind of wanted to be a vampire.
Angelina Jolie - I do have tatoos, and I do wear leather, but there are other sides of me, that my film express.
Angelina Jolie - Real food, I've found, is actually better than dieting.
Angelina Jolie - When I get logical, and I don't trust my instincts - that's when I get in trouble.
Angelina Jolie - I am odd-looking. I sometimes think I look like a funny Muppet.
Angelina Jolie - Therapy? I don't need that. The roles that I choose are my therapy.
Ani DiFranco - I don't care if they eat me alive, I've got better things to do then survive.
Ani DiFranco - In order to keep anything cultural, logical, or ideological, you have to reinvent the reality of it.
Ani DiFranco - There isn't much I have to say, that I wouldn't rather just shut up and do.
Ani DiFranco - I was blessed with a birth and a death, and I guess I just want some say in between.
Ani DiFranco - I know there is strength in the differences between us. I know there is comfort where we overlap.
Ani DiFranco - It seems that different people have an idea of what I am, and what I should be. And then there's me.
Ani DiFranco - Either you are a feminist or you are a sexist/misogynist. There is no box marked 'other.'
Ani DiFranco - I think I'm a very solitary person. To actually not be anonymous is a bit claustrophobic for me.
Ani DiFranco - Taken out of context I must seem so strange.
Ani DiFranco - I seriously hate pop music and all things super-commercial.
Ann Coulter - I love to engage in repartee with people who are stupider than I am.
Ann Coulter - I might be in favor of national healthcare if it required all Democrats to get their heads examined.
Ann Coulter - Liberals are stalwart defenders of civil liberties - provided we're only talking about criminals.
Ann Coulter - They've hit us and we've got to hit back hard, and I'm not just talking about the terrorists.
Ann Coulter - As the leader of twelve apostles, even Jesus had more executive experience than Obama.
Ann Coulter - I'm not going to be lectured to.
Ann Coulter - I've decided to cut out the part of the speech where I say anything nice about Democrats.
Ann Coulter - I think there should be a literacy test and a poll tax for people to vote.
Ann Coulter - Conservatives have a problem with women. For that matter, all men do.
Ann Coulter - If we took away women's right to vote, we'd never have to worry about another Democrat president.
Ann Landers - Opportunities are usually disguised as hard work, so most people don't recognize them.
Ann Landers - Nobody gets to live life backward. Look ahead, that is where your future lies.
Ann Landers - Too many people today know the price of everything and the value of nothing.
Ann Landers - Know yourself. Don't accept your dog's admiration as conclusive evidence that you are wonderful.
Ann Landers - I don't believe that you have to be a cow to know what milk is.
Ann Landers - Nobody ever drowned in his own sweat.
Ann Landers - No one has the right to destroy another person's belief by demanding empirical evidence.
Ann Landers - The trouble with talking too fast is you may say something you haven't thought of yet.
Ann Landers - Television has proved that people will look at anything rather than each other.
Ann Landers - You need that guy like a giraffe needs strep throat.
Ann Richards - Teaching was the hardest work I had ever done, and it remains the hardest work I have done to date.
Ann Richards - I just feel like I'm a very lucky person to have a new life outside of politics.
Ann Richards - People work for a living. They got families to raise. Their lives are tough.
Ann Richards - I've always said that in politics, your enemies can't hurt you, but your friends will kill you.
Ann Richards - I have a real soft spot in my heart for librarians and people who care about books.
Ann Richards - People don't know that New York really is just made up of a group of very small neighborhoods.
Ann Richards - I have an awfully good life.
Ann Richards - Well it's really hard to satisfy the right wing. I can tell you that.
Ann Richards - I thought I knew Texas pretty well, but I had no notion of its size until I campaigned it.
Ann Richards - I travel all over the country making speeches for people I believe in.
Anna Deavere Smith - Learning is a tunnel experience that makes us think more broadly.
Anna Deavere Smith - I am lucky: I have fantastic doctors and a fantastic dentist.
Anna Deavere Smith - Identity is an assemblage of constellations.
Anna Deavere Smith - Friendship is a wildly underrated medication.
Anna Deavere Smith - You know, real artists, we expose our flaws. We long for intimacy.
Anna Deavere Smith - I think as a kid I always liked to listen to people. I loved hearing stories.
Anna Deavere Smith - Movies, as evidenced by a chorus of protesting and celebrating Americans, influence broader trends.
Anna Deavere Smith - Making your life is ultimately an extraordinarily creative endeavor.
Anna Deavere Smith - I don't talk a lot when I interview. My job is to get out of the way.
Anna Deavere Smith - Each person has a literature inside them.
Anna Kendrick - My family has had to become quite understanding about me not returning phone calls when I'm filming.
Anna Kendrick - I don't usually drink caffeine so that when I need it, it actually does something.
Anna Kendrick - I don't care for physical activity. I'm not sporty. I'm not very coordinated.
Anna Kendrick - In my dreams, I have Keira Knightley's eyebrows.
Anna Kendrick - I'm the person who wouldn't send back my food even if I got steak when I'd ordered fish.
Anna Kendrick - An actor should always let humility outweigh ambition.
Anna Kendrick - Nobody pulls a prank like George Clooney.
Anna Kendrick - I happen to be a huge 'Lord of the Rings' fan. I do an annual marathon of the extended editions.
Anna Kendrick - I'm a big fan of '30 Rock,' which I think is the most genius show on television.
Anna Kendrick - I'm not big on lip color, but I like to have a little something.
Anne Frank - Laziness may appear attractive, but work gives satisfaction.
Anne Frank - Think of all the beauty still left around you and be happy.
Anne Frank - How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world.
Anne Frank - Whoever is happy will make others happy too.
Anne Frank - Despite everything, I believe that people are really good at heart.
Anne Frank - No one has ever become poor by giving.
Anne Frank - In the long run, the sharpest weapon of all is a kind and gentle spirit.
Anne Frank - Who would ever think that so much went on in the soul of a young girl?
Anne Frank - I don't think of all the misery but of the beauty that still remains.
Anne Frank - I live in a crazy time.
Anne Hathaway - Weddings are important because they celebrate life and possibility.
Anne Hathaway - I think relationships are work, but love is a gift.
Anne Hathaway - The whole beauty of music is that it goes where your words won't let you.
Anne Hathaway - Mellow doesn't always make for a good story, but it makes for a good life.
Anne Hathaway - I've honestly been really lucky. My only jobs have been babysitting and acting.
Anne Hathaway - I love the short-haired lifestyle.
Anne Hathaway - I used to believe that love was finding someone who would lead you through the deep water.
Anne Hathaway - I'm much happier talking with people than I am flirting with them.
Anne Hathaway - When I was a teenager, I would have tried anything that an actress I liked was doing to get thin.
Anne Hathaway - I think that Jersey Shore is awesome. I've gone to Cape May every summer of my life.
Anne Lamott - Perfectionism is the voice of the oppressor.
Anne Lamott - I think Jesus is divine love manifest on Earth, as it comes through the community of Christians.
Anne Lamott - I've known for years that resentments don't hurt the person we resent, but they do hurt us.
Anne Lamott - There is nothing as sweet as a comeback, when you are down and out, about to lose, and out of time.
Anne Lamott - My idea of absolute happiness is to be in bed on a rainy day, with my blankie, my cat, and my dog.
Anne Lamott - I don't want something special. I want something beautifully plain.
Anne Lamott - No one can appropriate God, goodness, the Bible or Jesus. It just seems that way.
Anne Lamott - I would seriously rather be in a long line at the DMV than eat with people I don't know.
Anne Lamott - It's a great time to be alive.
Anne Lamott - Pay attention to the beauty surrounding you.
Anne Morrow Lindbergh - I feel we are all islands - in a common sea.
Anne Morrow Lindbergh - Good communication is just as stimulating as black coffee, and just as hard to sleep after.
Anne Morrow Lindbergh - To give without any reward, or any notice, has a special quality of its own.
Anne Morrow Lindbergh - Grief can't be shared. Everyone carries it alone. His own burden in his own way.
Anne Morrow Lindbergh - For happiness one needs security, but joy can spring like a flower even from the cliffs of despair.
Anne Morrow Lindbergh - It takes as much courage to have tried and failed as it does to have tried and succeeded.
Anne Morrow Lindbergh - One can never pay in gratitude; one can only pay 'in kind' somewhere else in life.
Anne Morrow Lindbergh - The wave of the future is coming and there is no fighting it.
Anne Morrow Lindbergh - The most exhausting thing in life is being insincere.
Anne Morrow Lindbergh - Only in growth, reform, and change, paradoxically enough, is true security to be found.
Anne Rice - The only pain in pleasure is the pleasure of the pain.
Anne Rice - We're frightened of what makes us different.
Anne Rice - The world doesn't need any more mediocrity or hedged bets.
Anne Rice - I'm always looking, and I'm always asking questions.
Anne Rice - I wish we had more visible Christian and Catholic leaders who talked about love.
Anne Rice - I broke with my religion in college.
Anne Rice - Invest in a feather duster - the possibilities are endless.
Anne Rice - To write something, you have to risk making a fool of yourself.
Anne Rice - When you make his sandwiches, put a sexy or loving note in his lunch box.
Anne Rice - We have to become saints. We have to become like Christ. Anything less is simply not enough.
Anne Wojcicki - I'm not going to change; I'm very stubborn in this way. I am what I am.
Anne Wojcicki - One of the best aspects of health care reform is it starts to emphasize prevention.
Anne Wojcicki - Data helps solve problems.
Anne Wojcicki - April 25th is DNA Day. I know, you probably had no idea.
Anne Wojcicki - The reality is that the only way change comes is when you lead by example.
Anne Wojcicki - It is important to democratize personal genetics and make it more accessible.
Anne Wojcicki - A solid foundation in genetics is increasingly important for everyone.
Anne Wojcicki - I think there's a point to regulating, because there are snake oil companies.
Anne Wojcicki - I spend a lot of my spare time with my family. My sisters, parents, and in-laws all live nearby.
Anne Wojcicki - All the kids from my nursery school are still in touch.
Annie Dillard - There is a muscular energy in sunlight corresponding to the spiritual energy of wind.
Annie Dillard - How we spend our days is, of course, how we spend our lives.
Annie Dillard - You can't test courage cautiously.
Annie Dillard - Spend the afternoon. You can't take it with you.
Annie Dillard - The surest sign of age is loneliness.
Annie Dillard - I would like to learn, or remember, how to live.
Annie Dillard - The dedicated life is worth living. You must give with your whole heart.
Annie Dillard - There is no shortage of good days. It is good lives that are hard to come by.
Annie Dillard - Write as if you were dying.
Annie Dillard - Write about winter in the summer.
Annie Leibovitz - A thing that you see in my pictures is that I was not afraid to fall in love with these people.
Annie Leibovitz - I'm more interested in being good than being famous.
Annie Leibovitz - I feel a responsibility to my backyard. I want it to be taken care of and protected.
Annie Leibovitz - I've learned to create a palette, a vocabulary of ways to take pictures.
Annie Leibovitz - I fight to take a good photograph every single time.
Annie Leibovitz - At my Rolling Stones' tour, the camera was a protection. I used it in a Zen way.
Annie Leibovitz - I feel very proud of the work from the '80s because it is very bright and colorful.
Annie Leibovitz - No one ever thought Clint Eastwood was funny, but he was.
Annie Leibovitz - You don't have to sort of enhance reality. There is nothing stranger than truth.
Annie Leibovitz - It's hard to watch something go on and be talking at the same time.
Annie Lennox - Dying is easy, it's living that scares me to death.
Annie Lennox - Fame for fame's sake is toxic - some people want that, with no boundaries. It's unhealthy.
Annie Lennox - There are two kinds of artists left: those who endorse Pepsi and those who simply won't.
Annie Lennox - I think music is the most phenomenal platform for intellectual thought.
Annie Lennox - I think my daughters have a pretty healthy self-awareness but I can't speak on their behalf.
Annie Lennox - I will go out of my way to avoid the shopping crowds and the extreme consumerism - I hate all that.
Annie Lennox - I love to be individual, to step beyond gender.
Annie Lennox - I have a lot to be grateful for.
Annie Lennox - I think Scotland could take a stand in a wonderful way, ecologically and morally and ethically.
Annie Lennox - I have always felt a little homeless. It's a strange thing.
Ansel Adams - There are always two people in every picture: the photographer and the viewer.
Ansel Adams - A true photograph need not be explained, nor can it be contained in words.
Ansel Adams - Sometimes I do get to places just when God's ready to have somebody click the shutter.
Ansel Adams - You don't take a photograph, you make it.
Ansel Adams - Not everybody trusts paintings but people believe photographs.
Ansel Adams - Photography is more than a medium for factual communication of ideas. It is a creative art.
Ansel Adams - It is horrifying that we have to fight our own government to save the environment.
Ansel Adams - There is nothing worse than a sharp image of a fuzzy concept.
Ansel Adams - There are no rules for good photographs, there are only good photographs.
Ansel Adams - In wisdom gathered over time I have found that every experience is a form of exploration.
Anthony Bourdain - Barbecue may not be the road to world peace, but it's a start.
Anthony Bourdain - What nicer thing can you do for somebody than make them breakfast?
Anthony Bourdain - If anything is good for pounding humility into you permanently, it's the restaurant business.
Anthony Bourdain - You learn a lot about someone when you share a meal together.
Anthony Bourdain - Context and memory play powerful roles in all the truly great meals in one's life.
Anthony Bourdain - I'm not afraid to look like an idiot.
Anthony Bourdain - Is there a sharper commentary on American culture and the world than The Simpsons?
Anthony Bourdain - I'm not looking to freak people out - eating rodents or bugs. I don't do that anymore.
Anthony Bourdain - If you get an opportunity to work with David Simon, anybody with good taste would.
Anthony Bourdain - I wasn't that great a chef, and I don't think I'm that great a writer.
Anthony Hopkins - Life's too short to deal with other people's insecurities.
Anthony Hopkins - I'm devious, cruel, cunning and addictive.
Anthony Hopkins - I am able to play monsters well. I understand monsters. I understand madmen.
Anthony Hopkins - I don't believe in nepotism. I don't much like the idea of parents who interfere.
Anthony Hopkins - I never make conscious decisions.
Anthony Hopkins - My father was grounded, a very meat-and-potatoes man. He was a baker.
Anthony Hopkins - I love life because what more is there?
Anthony Hopkins - The art of acting is not to act. Once you show them more, what you show them, in fact is bad acting.
Anthony Hopkins - My life turned out to be beyond my greatest dreams.
Anthony Hopkins - A conductor can't be too arrogant with an orchestra and try to impose himself too much.
Anthony J. D'Angelo - Wherever you go, no matter what the weather, always bring your own sunshine.
Anthony J. D'Angelo - Smile, it is the key that fits the lock of everybody's heart.
Anthony J. D'Angelo - Develop a passion for learning. If you do, you will never cease to grow.
Anthony J. D'Angelo - Without a sense of caring, there can be no sense of community.
Anthony J. D'Angelo - When solving problems, dig at the roots instead of just hacking at the leaves.
Anthony J. D'Angelo - Become addicted to constant and never-ending self-improvement.
Anthony J. D'Angelo - Don't reinvent the wheel, just realign it.
Anthony J. D'Angelo - Have a strong mind and a soft heart.
Anthony J. D'Angelo - In order to succeed you must fail, so that you know what not to do the next time.
Anthony J. D'Angelo - The most important things in life aren't things.
Anthony Kiedis - What I've realized over the years is that I have some pretty good friends.
Anthony Kiedis - What doesn't kill you only makes your book longer.
Anthony Kiedis - I inherited my father's insatiable desire to meet all the beautiful girls in the world.
Anthony Kiedis - My days are whatever I want them to be.
Anthony Kiedis - I like the idea of defying the convention of what it is to be in your 40s, or 50s, or 60s.
Anthony Kiedis - Personally, I am stuck with one foot in the past and one foot in the present.
Anthony Kiedis - Also, we're all actually different blood types and we have one represented by each guy in the band.
Anthony Kiedis - In terms of having high hopes that the level of consciousness will get higher and higher, yeah.
Anthony Kiedis - I think I'm still figuring out how to be a little less selfish.
Anthony Kiedis - The road is not a problem.
Anthony Trollope - My sweetheart is to me more than a coined hemisphere.
Anthony Trollope - I think the greatest rogues are they who talk most of their honesty.
Anthony Trollope - Oxford is the most dangerous place to which a young man can be sent.
Anthony Trollope - I hold that gentleman to be the best-dressed whose dress no one observes.
Anthony Trollope - Life is so unlike theory.
Anthony Trollope - There is no royal road to learning; no short cut to the acquirement of any art.
Anthony Trollope - There is no road to wealth so easy and respectable as that of matrimony.
Anthony Trollope - And though it is much to be a nobleman, it is more to be a gentleman.
Anthony Trollope - High rank and soft manners may not always belong to a true heart.
Anthony Trollope - No man thinks there is much ado about nothing when the ado is about himself.
Antoine de Saint-Exupery - It is only with the heart that one can see rightly; what is essential is invisible to the eye.
Antoine de Saint-Exupery - What makes the desert beautiful is that somewhere it hides a well.
Antoine de Saint-Exupery - The time for action is now. It's never too late to do something.
Antoine de Saint-Exupery - True happiness comes from the joy of deeds well done, the zest of creating things new.
Antoine de Saint-Exupery - When you give yourself, you receive more than you give.
Antoine de Saint-Exupery - Tell me who admires and loves you, and I will tell you who you are.
Antoine de Saint-Exupery - The meaning of things lies not in the things themselves, but in our attitude towards them.
Antoine de Saint-Exupery - To be a man is, precisely, to be responsible.
Antoine de Saint-Exupery - You become responsible, forever, for what you have tamed.
Antoine de Saint-Exupery - I know but one freedom, and that is the freedom of the mind.
Anton Chekhov - Knowledge is of no value unless you put it into practice.
Anton Chekhov - People don't notice whether it's winter or summer when they're happy.
Anton Chekhov - Don't tell me the moon is shining; show me the glint of light on broken glass.
Anton Chekhov - We shall find peace. We shall hear angels, we shall see the sky sparkling with diamonds.
Anton Chekhov - If you are afraid of loneliness, do not marry.
Anton Chekhov - We learn about life not from plusses alone, but from minuses as well.
Anton Chekhov - Any idiot can face a crisis - it's day to day living that wears you out.
Anton Chekhov - You must trust and believe in people or life becomes impossible.
Anton Chekhov - Faith is an aptitude of the spirit. It is, in fact, a talent: you must be born with it.
Anton Chekhov - Man is what he believes.
Antonin Scalia - The court makes an amazing amount of decisions that ought to be made by the people.
Antonin Scalia - A search is a search, even if it happens to disclose nothing but the bottom of a turntable.
Antonin Scalia - Words have meaning. And their meaning doesn't change.
Antonin Scalia - Why in the world would you have it interpreted by nine lawyers?
Antonin Scalia - A journalistic purpose could be someone with a Xerox machine in a basement.
Antonin Scalia - I try to be an honest originalist! I will take the bitter with the sweet!
Antonin Scalia - A man who has made no enemies is probably not a very good man.
Antonin Scalia - If you condemn someone who has committed a crime to be tortured, that would be unconstitutional.
Antonin Scalia - A good, hard-hitting dissent keeps you honest.
Antonin Scalia - I'm an originalist and a textualist, not a nut.
Antonio Banderas - Everything changes as you get older - your mind, your body, the way you view the world.
Antonio Banderas - Expectation is the mother of all frustration.
Antonio Banderas - I like going everywhere. And I love starting new things.
Antonio Banderas - The recycling in my house was imposed by my kids.
Antonio Banderas - I get caught up in my bubble of reading, writing, or music.
Antonio Banderas - Cinema has opened a world of possibilities up for me.
Antonio Banderas - The man who doesn't want anything is invincible.
Antonio Banderas - I've always been an optimistic guy, to tell you the truth.
Antonio Banderas - In my personal life, I am very contemplative.
Antonio Banderas - I don't think there is a guy that played more gay characters than I have done in my life.
Aretha Franklin - Every birthday is a gift. Every day is a gift.
Aretha Franklin - We all require and want respect, man or woman, black or white. It's our basic human right.
Aretha Franklin - Don't say Aretha is making a comeback, because I've never been away!
Aretha Franklin - My faith always has been and always will be important to me.
Aretha Franklin - I sing to the realists; people who accept it like it is.
Aretha Franklin - I think the hardest thing is losing weight. That's the hardest thing more than anything else.
Aretha Franklin - I'm a big woman. I need big hair.
Aretha Franklin - I'm the lady next door when I'm not on stage.
Aretha Franklin - I always felt rock and roll was very, very wholesome music.
Aretha Franklin - Falling out of love is like losing weight. It's a lot easier putting it on than taking it off.
Ariana Grande - Don't ever doubt yourselves or waste a second of your life. It's too short, and you're too special.
Ariana Grande - I think it's so important for girls to love themselves and to treat their bodies respectfully.
Ariana Grande - Music is really driving my whole life.
Ariana Grande - Nothing burns more calories than dancing in 5-inch heels... try it!
Ariana Grande - I've dreamed about doing music since I was three or four years old.
Ariana Grande - I like very girly, retro inspired, feminine, floral things. I'm not very edgy.
Ariana Grande - I love nerdy, cute, quirky boys who don't take themselves too seriously.
Ariana Grande - I'm pretty sure my house in Florida is haunted! He's a nice ghost though.
Ariana Grande - I jog up to the Hollywood sign every weekend. It's fun and what a view!
Ariana Grande - I did stand-up for my grandparents every day when I was, like, eight.
Ariel Sharon - I'm a friend of Colin Powell. We talk quite often.
Ariel Sharon - A lie should be tried in a place where it will attract the attention of the world.
Ariel Sharon - Myself, first of all, I am a Jew. And that is the most important thing for me.
Ariel Sharon - I believe that Israel is much stronger than many of its leaders.
Ariel Sharon - I am working on the assumption that in the future there will be no Jews in Gaza.
Ariel Sharon - A people cannot exist if there is no social solidarity.
Ariel Sharon - I have absolute faith in the correctness of my course.
Ariel Sharon - The United States cannot live with terror.
Ariel Sharon - I know more about wheat and olive trees than I do about politics.
Ariel Sharon - Every leaving of a Jewish community is a most difficult thing.
Aristophanes - You cannot teach a crab to walk straight.
Aristophanes - Love is simply the name for the desire and the pursuit of the whole.
Aristophanes - Open your mouth and shut your eyes and see what Zeus will send you.
Aristophanes - Characteristics of a popular politician: a horrible voice, bad breeding, and a vulgar manner.
Aristophanes - Wise people, even though all laws were abolished, would still lead the same life.
Aristophanes - A man's homeland is wherever he prospers.
Aristophanes - Quickly, bring me a beaker of wine, so that I may wet my mind and say something clever.
Aristophanes - Under every stone lurks a politician.
Aristophanes - The wise learn many things from their enemies.
Aristophanes - Hunger knows no friend but its feeder.
Arnold H. Glasow - A true friend never gets in your way unless you happen to be going down.
Arnold H. Glasow - The key to everything is patience. You get the chicken by hatching the egg, not by smashing it.
Arnold H. Glasow - Success is simple. Do what's right, the right way, at the right time.
Arnold H. Glasow - One of the tests of leadership is the ability to recognize a problem before it becomes an emergency.
Arnold H. Glasow - Make your life a mission - not an intermission.
Arnold H. Glasow - Improvement begins with I.
Arnold H. Glasow - The fewer the facts, the stronger the opinion.
Arnold H. Glasow - Telling a teenager the facts of life is like giving a fish a bath.
Arnold H. Glasow - Success isn't a result of spontaneous combustion. You must set yourself on fire.
Arnold H. Glasow - A consultant is someone who saves his client almost enough to pay his fee.
Arnold Palmer - The road to success is always under construction.
Arnold Palmer - Concentration comes out of a combination of confidence and hunger.
Arnold Palmer - Always make a total effort, even when the odds are against you.
Arnold Palmer - Concentration, Confidence, Competitive urge, Capacity for enjoyment.
Arnold Palmer - You must play boldly to win.
Arnold Palmer - Golf is deceptively simple and endlessly complicated.
Arnold Palmer - I never quit trying. I never felt that I didn't have a chance to win.
Arnold Palmer - Success in golf depends less on strength of body than upon strength of mind and character.
Arnold Palmer - The most rewarding things you do in life are often the ones that look like they cannot be done.
Arnold Palmer - What other people may find in poetry or art museums, I find in the flight of a good drive.
Arsene Wenger - If you do not believe you can do it then you have no chance at all.
Arsene Wenger - I believe the target of anything in life should be to do it so well that it becomes an art.
Arsene Wenger - The moral values I've learnt in my life I've learnt through football.
Arsene Wenger - He made the impossible possible.
Arsene Wenger - I think in England you eat too much sugar and meat and not enough vegetables.
Arsene Wenger - It's silly to work hard the whole week and then spoil it by not preparing properly before the game.
Arsene Wenger - As a coach you can influence the diet of your players. You can point out what is wrong.
Arsene Wenger - I think training of better Youth Coaches is essential.
Arsene Wenger - Sol has experience, pace and physical power, which nobody else has together.
Arsene Wenger - You cannot say that you are happy when you don't win.
Art Malik - I would like to go to Iceland to see the northern lights.
Art Malik - I have therapy. Every day. I read a bit of Freud; I try to be a better person. Every day.
Art Malik - I grew up in the Fifties and Sixties and remember how unpleasant all kinds of food could be then.
Art Malik - When I was 13, I decided I was British and was going to stay that way.
Art Malik - I questioned the blind faith demanded by my religion, which was Islam.
Art Malik - Stick a camera up in an Indian village, and thousands of people come to watch.
Art Malik - I was lucky enough to be launched into the marketplace with the blessing of a series like 'Jewel.'
Art Malik - If people ever stop making films about India, I'd never work again.
Art Malik - I jumped at the chance of doing 'Holby.' It's a great show.
Art Malik - There was so much racism when I was a kid, but it was also ignorant.
Arthur Ashe - Success is a journey, not a destination. The doing is often more important than the outcome.
Arthur Ashe - Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can.
Arthur Ashe - One important key to success is self-confidence. An important key to self-confidence is preparation.
Arthur Ashe - From what we get, we can make a living; what we give, however, makes a life.
Arthur Ashe - You learn about equality in history and civics, but you find out life is not really like that.
Arthur Ashe - You've got to get to the stage in life where going for it is more important than winning or losing.
Arthur Ashe - Clothes and manners do not make the man; but when he is made, they greatly improve his appearance.
Arthur Ashe - A wise person decides slowly but abides by these decisions.
Arthur Ashe - There is a syndrome in sports called 'paralysis by analysis.'
Arthur Ashe - Let me put it this way: I think Republicans tend to keep the ball in play, Democrats go for broke.
Arthur C. Clarke - The limits of the possible can only be defined by going beyond them into the impossible.
Arthur C. Clarke - Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic.
Arthur C. Clarke - The only way to discover the limits of the possible is to go beyond them into the impossible.
Arthur C. Clarke - The greatest tragedy in mankind's entire history may be the hijacking of morality by religion.
Arthur C. Clarke - There is hopeful symbolism in the fact that flags do not wave in a vacuum.
Arthur C. Clarke - How inappropriate to call this planet Earth when it is quite clearly Ocean.
Arthur C. Clarke - I don't believe in astrology; I'm a Sagittarius and we're skeptical.
Arthur C. Clarke - Human judges can show mercy. But against the laws of nature, there is no appeal.
Arthur C. Clarke - Our lifetime may be the last that will be lived out in a technological society.
Arthur C. Clarke - I don't pretend we have all the answers. But the questions are certainly worth thinking about.
Arthur Conan Doyle - It is a capital mistake to theorize before one has data.
Arthur Conan Doyle - When you have eliminated the impossible, whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth.
Arthur Conan Doyle - Any truth is better than indefinite doubt.
Arthur Conan Doyle - Where there is no imagination there is no horror.
Arthur Conan Doyle - I never guess. It is a shocking habit destructive to the logical faculty.
Arthur Conan Doyle - We can't command our love, but we can our actions.
Arthur Conan Doyle - Of all ghosts the ghosts of our old loves are the worst.
Arthur Conan Doyle - Women are naturally secretive, and they like to do their own secreting.
Arthur Conan Doyle - The most difficult crime to track is the one which is purposeless.
Arthur Conan Doyle - A trusty comrade is always of use; and a chronicler still more so.
Arthur Koestler - Nothing is more sad than the death of an illusion.
Arthur Koestler - True creativity often starts where language ends.
Arthur Koestler - Courage is never to let your actions be influenced by your fears.
Arthur Koestler - The principle mark of genius is not perfection but originality, the opening of new frontiers.
Arthur Koestler - The more original a discovery, the more obvious it seems afterwards.
Arthur Koestler - Prometheus is reaching out for the stars with an empty grin on his face.
Arthur Koestler - The most persistent sound which reverberates through man's history is the beating of war drums.
Arthur Koestler - A publisher who writes is like a cow in a milk bar.
Arthur Koestler - The prerequisite of originality is the art of forgetting, at the proper moment, what we know.
Arthur Koestler - The definition of the individual was: a multitude of one million divided by one million.
Arthur Miller - The theater is so endlessly fascinating because it's so accidental. It's so much like life.
Arthur Miller - Maybe all one can do is hope to end up with the right regrets.
Arthur Miller - Betrayal is the only truth that sticks.
Arthur Miller - Let you look sometimes for the goodness in me, and judge me not.
Arthur Miller - A good newspaper, I suppose, is a nation talking to itself.
Arthur Miller - You specialize in something until one day you find it is specializing in you.
Arthur Miller - All we are is a lot of talking nitrogen.
Arthur Miller - The structure of a play is always the story of how the birds came home to roost.
Arthur Miller - Certainly the most diverse, if minor, pastime of literary life is the game of Find the Author.
Arthur Miller - If I see an ending, I can work backward.
ASAP Ferg - I create art. It's kinda abstract.
ASAP Ferg - I'm an animal lover.
ASAP Ferg - People who are scared don't live life.
ASAP Ferg - I'm really into simple things - things you could wear every day.
ASAP Ferg - Me jumping on a song with Ariana Grande is just showing versatility, you know what I'm saying?
ASAP Ferg - I'm happy, so I just want to project that happiness through my music to make other people happy.
ASAP Ferg - There's no racism with the Internet.
ASAP Ferg - Racism been over. It's the old people that keep on holding on to it.
ASAP Ferg - If I was just to shut up, I wouldn't be a true artist.
ASAP Ferg - At the end of the day, you can't take my love for my people away.
ASAP Rocky - I'm not a gangster, bro.
ASAP Rocky - Fashion is almost like a religion, for me at least.
ASAP Rocky - You've got to exfoliate, you know?
ASAP Rocky - New York gave me hell for that 'Purple Swag,' man. They didn't respect me until 'Peso.'
ASAP Rocky - Purple lipstick? Naw, that looks stupid on all girls!
ASAP Rocky - Nowadays, everybody wanna be weird. We know how to manifest being weird.
ASAP Rocky - Design my own line? No, I just like the culture.
ASAP Rocky - I wanted to model when I was younger.
ASAP Rocky - I'm getting my respect as a video director. The fashion industry respects me and knows who I am.
ASAP Rocky - I like women. I love women.
Ashton Kutcher - I could never be with a woman who felt like she needs to change me.
Ashton Kutcher - Your best T-shirt should be like your bed; it just feels like you are home when you are in it.
Ashton Kutcher - There's no text that can replace a loving touch when someone we love is hurting.
Ashton Kutcher - Don't settle for what life gives you; make life better and build something.
Ashton Kutcher - Steve Jobs was a pretty complicated character and somewhat a psychologically complicated guy.
Ashton Kutcher - I'm happy wherever I go, whatever I do. I'm happy in Iowa, I'm happy here in California.
Ashton Kutcher - I am only young once, who cares if I'm a goofball!
Ashton Kutcher - When your wife calls, you have to take it, no matter what you're doing.
Ashton Kutcher - The scruffier your beard, the sharper you need to dress.
Ashton Kutcher - Wear a belt! It's an easy way to pull together your outfit. Just be sure to match it to your shoes.
Audre Lorde - The master's tools will never dismantle the master's house.
Audre Lorde - Only by learning to live in harmony with your contradictions can you keep it all afloat.
Audre Lorde - Each time you love, love as deeply as if it were forever.
Audre Lorde - Our visions begin with our desires.
Audre Lorde - I am deliberate and afraid of nothing.
Audre Lorde - Life is very short and what we have to do must be done in the now.
Audre Lorde - There are no new ideas. There are only new ways of making them felt.
Audre Lorde - In other words, I would be giving in to a myth of sameness which I think can destroy us.
Audre Lorde - Your silence will not protect you.
Audre Lorde - The learning process is something you can incite, literally incite, like a riot.
August Wilson - As soon as white folks say a play's good, the theater is jammed with blacks and whites.
August Wilson - All art is political in the sense that it serves someone's politics.
August Wilson - My plays are ultimately about love, honor, duty, betrayal.
August Wilson - Keep your hands moving. Writing is rewriting.
August Wilson - Anything you want to know, you ask the characters.
August Wilson - How do we transform loss? ... Time's healing balm is essentially a hoax.
August Wilson - The exact day I became a poet was April 1, 1965, the day I bought my first typewriter.
August Wilson - If you want to participate in life, you have to deny your identity.
August Wilson - I first got involved in theater in 1968, at the height of a social tumult. I was a poet.
August Wilson - Suffice it to say, I'm not poor.
Aung San Suu Kyi - If you want to bring an end to long-standing conflict, you have to be prepared to compromise.
Aung San Suu Kyi - By helping others, you will learn how to help yourselves.
Aung San Suu Kyi - As long as there is no law in Burma, any individual here can be arrested at any time.
Aung San Suu Kyi - If you do nothing you get nothing.
Aung San Suu Kyi - Since we live in this world, we have to do our best for this world.
Aung San Suu Kyi - If I were the blushing kind, I would blush to be called a hero.
Aung San Suu Kyi - There is a time to be quiet and a time to talk.
Aung San Suu Kyi - War is not the only arena where peace is done to death.
Aung San Suu Kyi - For me, 'revolution' simply means radical change.
Aung San Suu Kyi - I'm feeling a little delicate.
Ava DuVernay - If your dream is only about you, it's too small.
Ava DuVernay - I want to be an old lady, with my cane, shouting, 'Action!' and 'Cut!'
Ava DuVernay - All the films I do, I write the scripts, I direct.
Ava DuVernay - I didn't go to film school. I got my education on the set as a niche publicist in the film industry.
Ava DuVernay - Film school was a privilege I could not afford.
Ava DuVernay - Every filmmaker imbues a movie with their own point of view.
Ava DuVernay - I usually make films with $2 and a paper clip.
Ava DuVernay - It's not enough even to have one black Barbie... because black women are not a monolith.
Ava DuVernay - Nonviolence is pretty ballsy, pretty advanced weaponry.
Ava DuVernay - I tell the stories that are of interest to me.
Avril Lavigne - Life is like a roller coaster, live it, be happy, enjoy life.
Avril Lavigne - Inspiration for my music just comes from, you know, my life experiences.
Avril Lavigne - I'm the kind of person who always likes to be doing something.
Avril Lavigne - I liked being a minor because you can't get into trouble. Now I just have to try and behave myself.
Avril Lavigne - I think I would probably die without my eyeliner, but besides that I'm pretty basic.
Avril Lavigne - When I tour, I stuff fridges full of organic food and stick to that.
Avril Lavigne - I don't fight. I don't believe in it.
Avril Lavigne - I have always looked for ways to give back because I think it's a responsibility we all share.
Avril Lavigne - Why should I care what other people think of me? I am who I am. And who I wanna be.
Avril Lavigne - My songs aren't bubble gum pop dance songs and I don't have background dancers on every single song.
Ayrton Senna - I have no idols. I admire work, dedication and competence.
Ayrton Senna - The danger sensation is exciting. The challenge is to find new dangers.
Ayrton Senna - When you are fitted in a racing car and you race to win, second or third place is not enough.
Ayrton Senna - On a given day, a given circumstance, you think you have a limit.
Ayrton Senna - Because in a split second, it's gone.
Ayrton Senna - I am not designed to come second or third. I am designed to win.
Ayrton Senna - Fear is exciting for me.
Ayrton Senna - Women - always in trouble with them, but can't live without them.
Ayrton Senna - Winning is the most important. Everything is consequence of that.
Ayrton Senna - There are no small accidents on this circuit.
Azim Premji - People are the key to success or extraordinary success.
Azim Premji - Excellence is a great starting point for any new organisation but also an unending journey.
Azim Premji - You cannot get into business for the fashion of it.
Azim Premji - We entered the global market only in the end-'80s, and that was because imports became more liberal.
Azim Premji - Talent is in short supply everywhere. At Wipro, we are training nonengineers to be engineers.
Azim Premji - Customers are now driven by trying to optimize value.
Azim Premji - Excellence can be as strong a uniting force as solid vision.
Azim Premji - Excellence endures and sustains. It goes beyond motivation into the realms of inspiration.
Azim Premji - Private sector cannot substitute the role of the government in primary education.
Azim Premji - In any software work, you have IT consultancy competence required to build the systems.
Aziz Ansari - A lot of people my age think stand up sucks.
Aziz Ansari - I weirdly do consider myself an optimist about love.
Aziz Ansari - Being a rapper is about being cool, but being a comedian, you're not supposed to be the coolest guy.
Aziz Ansari - Stand-up comedy is a raunchy profession.
Aziz Ansari - I like the brand Band of Outsiders. Their suits are cut really slim, for smaller framed gentlemen.
Aziz Ansari - I was a dishwasher at one of those Japanese places that cook on your table. Not too fun.
Aziz Ansari - I'm kind of obsessed with food. I like to eat.
Aziz Ansari - London seems to be a town with a lot of comedy fans and people that really enjoy stand-up.
Aziz Ansari - Once you become a comedian, you accept that people are just going to yell stuff at you.
Aziz Ansari - I guess my music taste is pretty predictable: I like new indie rock stuff, older stuff.
Azzedine Alaia - Fashion will last forever. It will exist always. It will exist in its own way in each era.
Azzedine Alaia - It's important to make women feel confident, because I think they are more important than men.
Azzedine Alaia - A woman is like an actress: she's always onstage.
Azzedine Alaia - I want to speak directly with a star, not her stylist.
Azzedine Alaia - Karl Lagerfeld never touched a pair of scissors in his life.
Azzedine Alaia - I would rather die than see my face in a car advertisement.
Azzedine Alaia - Bill Cunningham... he knows fashion better than anybody.
Azzedine Alaia - I work for women. I only think for them. If I didn't like women, I wouldn't do this job.
Azzedine Alaia - 'Vogue' remains while its fashion editors come and go.
Azzedine Alaia - The foundation of beauty is the body.
B. B. King - The beautiful thing about learning is nobody can take it away from you.
B. B. King - We all have idols. Play like anyone you care about but try to be yourself while you're doing so.
B. B. King - Water from the white fountain didn't taste any better than from the black fountain.
B. B. King - Blues is a tonic for whatever ails you. I could play the blues and then not be blue anymore.
B. B. King - I wanted to connect my guitar to human emotions.
B. B. King - I don't think anybody steals anything; all of us borrow.
B. B. King - Everybody wants to go to Heaven, but no one wants to die to get there!
B. B. King - Nobody loves me but my mother, and she could be jivin', too.
B. B. King - I'm no good with chords. I'm horrible with chords.
B. B. King - I've been married twice. Most women would rather not be married to a traveling blues singer.
B. C. Forbes - Work is the meat of life, pleasure the dessert.
B. C. Forbes - It is only the farmer who faithfully plants seeds in the Spring, who reaps a harvest in the Autumn.
B. C. Forbes - Jealousy... is a mental cancer.
B. C. Forbes - If you don't drive your business, you will be driven out of business.
B. C. Forbes - Real riches are the riches possessed inside.
B. C. Forbes - He best keeps from anger who remembers that God is always looking upon him.
B. C. Forbes - To make headway, improve your head.
B. C. Forbes - The man who has won millions at the cost of his conscience is a failure.
B. C. Forbes - The truth doesn't hurt unless it ought to.
B. C. Forbes - A shady business never yields a sunny life.
B. F. Skinner - The real problem is not whether machines think but whether men do.
B. F. Skinner - The way positive reinforcement is carried out is more important than the amount.
B. F. Skinner - If you're old, don't try to change yourself, change your environment.
B. F. Skinner - The environment will continue to deteriorate until pollution practices are abandoned.
B. F. Skinner - Properly used, positive reinforcement is extremely powerful.
B. F. Skinner - Education is what survives when what has been learned has been forgotten.
B. F. Skinner - Reinforcement is being right.
B. F. Skinner - The consequences of an act affect the probability of its occurring again.
B. F. Skinner - Give me a child and I'll shape him into anything.
B. F. Skinner - When you run into something interesting, drop everything else and study it.
B. R. Ambedkar - The relationship between husband and wife should be one of closest friends.
B. R. Ambedkar - I like the religion that teaches liberty, equality and fraternity.
B. R. Ambedkar - Cultivation of mind should be the ultimate aim of human existence.
B. R. Ambedkar - I measure the progress of a community by the degree of progress which women have achieved.
B. R. Ambedkar - Life should be great rather than long.
B. R. Ambedkar - Religion and slavery are incompatible.
B. R. Ambedkar - Generally speaking, the Smritikars never care to explain the why and the how of their dogmas.
B. R. Ambedkar - We are Indians, firstly and lastly.
B. R. Ambedkar - A great man is different from an eminent one in that he is ready to be the servant of the society.
B. R. Ambedkar - In Hinduism, conscience, reason and independent thinking have no scope for development.
Babe Ruth - You just can't beat the person who never gives up.
Babe Ruth - Yesterday's home runs don't win today's games.
Babe Ruth - Every strike brings me closer to the next home run.
Babe Ruth - Baseball was, is and always will be to me the best game in the world.
Babe Ruth - Never let the fear of striking out get in your way.
Babe Ruth - Baseball changes through the years. It gets milder.
Babe Ruth - I didn't mean to hit the umpire with the dirt, but I did mean to hit that bastard in the stands.
Babe Ruth - If I'd just tried for them dinky singles I could've batted around .600.
Babe Ruth - I had only one superstition. I made sure to touch all the bases when I hit a home run.
Babe Ruth - Who is richer? The man who is seen, but cannot see? Or the man who is not being seen, but can see?
Baltasar Gracian - A beautiful woman should break her mirror early.
Baltasar Gracian - Know or listen to those who know.
Baltasar Gracian - Never have a companion that casts you in the shade.
Baltasar Gracian - Friendship multiplies the good of life and divides the evil.
Baltasar Gracian - The wise does at once what the fool does at last.
Baltasar Gracian - Great ability develops and reveals itself increasingly with every new assignment.
Baltasar Gracian - Dreams will get you nowhere, a good kick in the pants will take you a long way.
Baltasar Gracian - A single lie destroys a whole reputation of integrity.
Baltasar Gracian - Without courage, wisdom bears no fruit.
Baltasar Gracian - Never open the door to a lesser evil, for other and greater ones invariably slink in after it.
Ban Ki-moon - Terrorism is a significant threat to peace and security, prosperity and people.
Ban Ki-moon - The Arab Awakening or Arab Spring has transformed the geopolitical landscape.
Ban Ki-moon - This Earth is our only home. Together, we must protect and cherish it.
Ban Ki-moon - As a child growing up during the Korean War, I knew poverty. I studied by candlelight.
Ban Ki-moon - Equality for women is progress for all.
Ban Ki-moon - Pacific Islands are among those that contribute least to global warming, yet suffer most.
Ban Ki-moon - The United Nations is committed to ridding the world of anti-personnel landmines.
Ban Ki-moon - The United Nations has a proud record of helping millions of people in mine-affected countries.
Ban Ki-moon - Raising ambition in 2014 is crucial for arriving at a meaningful climate agreement in 2015.
Ban Ki-moon - Nuclear disarmament is one of the greatest legacies we can pass on to future generations.
Banks - Being brave enough to just be unapologetic for who you are, that's a goddess.
Banks - I always say my music is like dark blue or black, like a punch to your gut that feels really good.
Banks - Every artist is an artist, and every heartbeat is a heartbeat.
Banks - I make really good pasta sauce. The secret to getting it right is just patience and love.
Banks - If you meet me, you might not get to know me. If you hear my music? You'll get to know me.
Banks - I'm very passionate, very emotional, very sensitive. I've always been like that.
Banks - I know every line to 'The Little Rascals.'
Banks - I tend to wear all black. I like feeling sexy, feminine, effortless, and real.
Banks - My music is the most 'me' thing about me. Everything is in my music.
Banks - I got a psychology degree from USC, but music is just my whole life.
Barbara Bush - I think togetherness is a very important ingredient to family life.
Barbara Bush - Cherish your human connections - your relationships with friends and family.
Barbara Bush - To us, family means putting your arms around each other and being there.
Barbara Bush - When you come to a roadblock, take a detour.
Barbara Bush - Believe in something larger than yourself... get involved in the big ideas of your time.
Barbara Bush - I may be the only mother in America who knows exactly what their child is up to all the time.
Barbara Bush - You have to love your children unselfishly. That's hard. But it's the only way.
Barbara Bush - I married the first man I ever kissed. When I tell this to my children, they just about throw up.
Barbara Bush - My son, George, has been a bad, bad boy! Right, George?
Barbara Bush - It was the dumbest thing I had ever seen, but it's a family thing, and I guess it's clean.
Barbara Jordan - What the people want is very simple - they want an America as good as its promise.
Barbara Jordan - Do not call for black power or green power. Call for brain power.
Barbara Jordan - If you're going to play the game properly, you'd better know every rule.
Barbara Jordan - I never intended to become a run-of-the-mill person.
Barbara Jordan - For all of its uncertainty, we cannot flee the future.
Barbara Jordan - I have confidence that we can form this kind of national community.
Barbara Jordan - The imperative is to define what is right and do it.
Barbara Jordan - Life is too large to hang out a sign: 'For Men Only.'
Barbara Jordan - Education remains the key to both economic and political empowerment.
Barbara Jordan - The citizens of America expect more. They deserve and they want more than a recital of problems.
Barbara Kingsolver - Sometimes the strength of motherhood is greater than natural laws.
Barbara Kingsolver - Memory is a complicated thing, a relative to truth, but not its twin.
Barbara Kingsolver - Small change, small wonders - these are the currency of my endurance and ultimately of my life.
Barbara Kingsolver - It's surprising how much memory is built around things unnoticed at the time.
Barbara Kingsolver - Pain reaches the heart with electrical speed, but truth moves to the heart as slowly as a glacier.
Barbara Kingsolver - It kills you to see them grow up. But I guess it would kill you quicker if they didn't.
Barbara Kingsolver - I do my best work if I think about what it is I have to offer.
Barbara Kingsolver - I grew up aware of all the people I depended on and who depended on me.
Barbara Kingsolver - The first sentence of a book is a promise.
Barbara Kingsolver - I live in a rural part of Virginia surrounded by farms and farmers.
Barbra Streisand - I can take any truth; just don't lie to me.
Barbra Streisand - I am simple, complex, generous, selfish, unattractive, beautiful, lazy, and driven.
Barbra Streisand - I just don't want to be hampered by my own limitations.
Barbra Streisand - They're called 'angels' because they're in heaven until the reviews come out.
Barbra Streisand - I don't care what you say about me. Just be sure to spell my name wrong.
Barbra Streisand - I hated singing. I wanted to be an actress. But I don't think I'd have made it any other way.
Barbra Streisand - I knew that with a mouth like mine, I just hadda be a star or something.
Barbra Streisand - I'm not that ambitious any more. I just like my privacy. I wish I really wasn't talked about at all.
Barbra Streisand - Myths are a waste of time. They prevent progression.
Barbra Streisand - Success to me is having ten honeydew melons and eating only the top half of each slice.
Barney Frank - I'm antisocial - there's no question about it.
Barney Frank - And I think there is too much bloviating around from politicians.
Barney Frank - People are entitled to the presumption of innocence.
Barney Frank - The regulation of medicine has been a State function.
Barney Frank - I will tell you, I'm a lousy cook, but I think I'm a pretty good judge of a good meal.
Barney Frank - Television is apparently the enemy of nuance. But nuance is essential for a thoughtful discussion.
Barney Frank - Community action is as valuable a principle on the international level as it has been domestically.
Barney Frank - It seems to me that politicians ought to use the same words as other people.
Barney Frank - Now, most of the time I'm going to agree with the Democrats and disagree with the Republicans.
Barney Frank - What's troubling is that the Republicans to defend Mr. DeLay are weakening the ethics process.
Barry Bonds - I don't know what my future is.
Barry Bonds - I never stop looking for things to try and make myself better.
Barry Bonds - But to be the best, you must face the best. And to overcome your fear, you must deal with the best.
Barry Bonds - I like to be against the odds.
Barry Bonds - I'm not afraid to be lonely at the top.
Barry Bonds - It's called talent. I just have it. I can't explain it. You either have it or you don't.
Barry Bonds - It's not the name that makes the player. It's the player.
Barry Bonds - My career is an open book, but my life is not.
Barry Bonds - Every pitcher can beat you, it doesn't matter how good you are.
Barry Bonds - I think everyone needs to be a role model, period.
Barry Goldwater - You don't have to be straight to be in the military; you just have to be able to shoot straight.
Barry Goldwater - You've got to forget about this civilian. Whenever you drop bombs, you're going to hit civilians.
Barry Goldwater - You don't need to be straight to fight and die for your country. You just need to shoot straight.
Barry Goldwater - To disagree, one doesn't have to be disagreeable.
Barry Goldwater - I wouldn't trust Nixon from here to that phone.
Barry Goldwater - The only summit meeting that can succeed is the one that does not take place.
Barry Goldwater - The income tax created more criminals than any other single act of government.
Barry Goldwater - I could have ended the war in a month. I could have made North Vietnam look like a mud puddle.
Barry Goldwater - It's a great country, where anybody can grow up to be president... except me.
Barry Goldwater - I will offer a choice, not an echo.
Barry Ritholtz - The beauty of diversification is it's about as close as you can get to a free lunch in investing.
Barry Ritholtz - Never forget this simple truism: Forecasting is marketing, plain and simple.
Barry Ritholtz - When it comes to investing, there is no such thing as a one-size-fits-all portfolio.
Barry Ritholtz - We love a tale of heroes and villains and conflicts requiring a neat resolution.
Barry Ritholtz - Good investors must learn to contextualize the daily background noise.
Barry Ritholtz - The consumption and production of energy is a major component of the global economy.
Barry Ritholtz - How are the cabs in your city? In Manhattan, where I work, they are rather awful.
Barry Ritholtz - There is a shortage of doctors, and the American Medical Association is aiming to keep it that way.
Barry Ritholtz - When it comes to investing, you are your own worst enemy.
Barry Ritholtz - Anyone can make an article longer; the skill is keeping it tight and lean.
Barry Sternlicht - As the facts change, change your thesis. Don't be a stubborn mule, or you'll get killed.
Barry Sternlicht - The American dream is still to own your home.
Barry Sternlicht - It's cheaper to buy a house and finance it than it is to rent in many markets.
Barry Sternlicht - We have an impact on nature, and nature has an impact on us.
Barry Sternlicht - I wanted to start a hotel company from scratch.
Barry Sternlicht - You go public because you want access to capital in the form of debt and equity.
Barry Sternlicht - If it can be profitable to be green, that's just smart business.
Barry Sternlicht - There's more single-family homes rented in the United States then there are apartments.
Barry Sternlicht - Pay attention to the big themes because that's what will help you earn ten times your money.
Barry Sternlicht - I like to go to my simple cottage by the ocean or, really, any beach!
Barry White - When I saw corruption, I was forced to find truth on my own. I couldn't swallow the hypocrisy.
Barry White - I went to jail at 16 for stealing tires off Cadillacs. When I got out I said, Never again.
Barry White - I'll come to you with gifts of knowledge, wisdom and truth.
Barry White - I try to tell a story musically in a song.
Barry White - Mama tried to save us from the streets, but the streets were too strong.
Barry White - People are always looking for me to be a freak, weird.
Barry White - There's people making babies to my music. That's nice.
Barry White - The whole system of society tells you what to do.
Barry White - Elton John's opinion turned the label's opinion around, all in a day.
Barry White - One preacher turned me on, another turned me off.
Barton Gellman - As militias go, the Ohio Defense Force is on the moderate side.
Barton Gellman - Privacy and encryption work, but it's too easy to make a mistake that exposes you.
Barton Gellman - Some misunderstandings are hard to cure.
Barton Gellman - All Americans are dependent for their energy on the Arabian peninsula.
Barton Gellman - The modern era of continuity planning began under President Ronald Reagan.
Barton Gellman - Snowden is an orderly thinker, with an engineer's approach to problem-solving.
Barton Gellman - True net-heads sometimes resort to punctuation cartoons to get around the absence of inflection.
Barton Gellman - Most computers today have built in backup software.
Barton Gellman - We know what's in our Cheerios and in our retirement accounts because the law requires disclosure.
Barton Gellman - Iraq has, in effect, one export of any consequence. That's oil.
Baruch Spinoza - If you want the present to be different from the past, study the past.
Baruch Spinoza - Those who are believed to be most abject and humble are usually most ambitious and envious.
Baruch Spinoza - I do not know how to teach philosophy without becoming a disturber of established religion.
Baruch Spinoza - He alone is free who lives with free consent under the entire guidance of reason.
Baruch Spinoza - Do not weep; do not wax indignant. Understand.
Baruch Spinoza - The greatest pride, or the greatest despondency, is the greatest ignorance of one's self.
Baruch Spinoza - All things excellent are as difficult as they are rare.
Baruch Spinoza - Whatsoever is, is in God, and without God nothing can be, or be conceived.
Baruch Spinoza - Nothing exists from whose nature some effect does not follow.
Baruch Spinoza - The world would be happier if men had the same capacity to be silent that they have to speak.
Baz Luhrmann - If Paris is a city of lights, Sydney is the city of fireworks.
Baz Luhrmann - A life lived in fear is a life half lived.
Baz Luhrmann - I feel like a member of any group comprised of outsiders.
Baz Luhrmann - I do find walking is fundamental to my creative process.
Baz Luhrmann - I never see things I make in the same way that the audience does. You can never do that.
Baz Luhrmann - I love dancing.
Baz Luhrmann - I think dance in any culture, in any form, is a true leveler.
Baz Luhrmann - Everything I make starts very personally.
Baz Luhrmann - I always have a point of view. It may not be right, but it's my own.
Baz Luhrmann - At a very young age I was allowed to go into the cinema and watch adult films.
Bear Grylls - As a young boy, scouting gave me a confidence and camaraderie that is hard to find in modern life.
Bear Grylls - You only get one chance at life and you have to grab it boldly.
Bear Grylls - I always wanted to be Robin Hood or John the Baptist when I was growing up.
Bear Grylls - The rules of survival never change, whether you're in a desert or in an arena.
Bear Grylls - But the wild is unpredictable, stuff does happen, and it's always when you're least expecting it.
Bear Grylls - Nobody else is stupid enough to get themselves into the straits that I get into.
Bear Grylls - Look, sometimes, no matter how hard you try, sometimes you need a bit of luck.
Bear Grylls - I try and eat really healthy when I'm home, but I certainly don't eat worms and snakes.
Bear Grylls - You don't often see Bear Grylls in a suit.
Bear Grylls - Faith is personal if it's to be real.
Beatrice Wood - I don't like to sell my finest pieces.
Beatrice Wood - My life is full of mistakes. They're like pebbles that make a good road.
Beatrice Wood - And I have exposed myself to art so that my work has something beyond just the usual potter.
Beatrice Wood - Over and over I'm on the point of giving it up.
Beatrice Wood - Certainly I was relatively a refined person. No way a tramp.
Beatrice Wood - Here in America we're doing the most wonderful crafts.
Beatrice Wood - I happen to believe that there is an afterlife.
Beatrice Wood - Sex is energy.
Beatrice Wood - Yes, because when you're in love, you are shy.
Beatrice Wood - And then a great thing in my life was going to India.
Bela Karolyi - What is the cruelest thing you can do to someone who is trying to concentrate? Call their name.
Bela Karolyi - I'm tired of being hunted all over. I can't go anywhere without criticism.
Bela Karolyi - Just like an animal, when you want to survive, you don't think anymore.
Bela Karolyi - I consider myself very lucky that I could live my life through all the ups and downs.
Bela Karolyi - The Olympics shows the community what gymnastics is all about.
Bela Karolyi - I know gymnastics. It's always been a subjective appreciation.
Bela Karolyi - I am very familiar with Hungary, because I grew up in Romania, which borders it.
Bela Karolyi - Genetics is all about showcasing human beauty along with high-quality performance.
Bela Karolyi - The rest of the world laughed at American gymnastics before I came.
Bela Karolyi - The crowd sometimes plays a tremendous role to give you wings and carry you to victory.
Bela Lugosi - People, chained by monotony, afraid to think, clinging to certainties... they live like ants.
Bela Lugosi - I look in the mirror and say to myself, Can it be you once played Romeo?
Bela Lugosi - I don't have a dime left. I am dependent on my friends for food and a small old-age pension.
Bela Lugosi - My close-up was magnificent!
Bela Lugosi - Women have a predestination to suffering.
Bela Lugosi - To win a woman, take her with you to see Dracula.
Bela Lugosi - The love-bite, it is the beginning. You will be irresistible.
Bela Lugosi - I'd like to quit the supernatural roles and play just an interesting, down-to-earth person.
Bela Lugosi - I have never met a vampire personally, but I don't know what might happen tomorrow.
Bela Lugosi - Of all the roles I've done on the stage, I'm partial to Cyrano de Bergerac.
bell hooks - I think life experiences are different for people who know what they want as children.
bell hooks - Life-transforming ideas have always come to me through books.
bell hooks - I feel that my environment reflects my belief in the grace and art and elegance of living simply.
bell hooks - I think I was always obsessed with esthetics.
bell hooks - I think Black people need to take self-esteem seriously.
bell hooks - Every terrorist regime in the world uses isolation to break people's spirits.
bell hooks - Any society based on domination supports and condones violence.
bell hooks - Until the legacy of remembered and reenacted trauma is taken seriously, black America cannot heal.
bell hooks - Class is more than money. Class is also about knowledge.
bell hooks - I love my family, even as I critique their dysfunctionalities.
Bella Hadid - I definitely gain weight, and I'm not naturally thin.
Bella Hadid - I just aspire to be the best I can be. I want to work hard and set one goal at a time for myself.
Bella Hadid - I still feel awkward taking a selfie sometimes; it feels a little weird.
Bella Hadid - I'm so socially awkward. I really had to put myself out there and meet new people.
Bella Hadid - I eat a lot of pizza and really unhealthy food.
Bella Hadid - There wasn't really one time in my life where I was like, 'I want to be a model!'
Bella Hadid - In L.A., I did a lot of vintage flea market dresses and Doc Martens.
Bella Hadid - I like to do at least 15 minutes of cardio every day if I can fit it in.
Bella Hadid - My body really reacts well to not eating a lot of wheat or dairy and staying on healthy foods.
Bella Hadid - I always love to dress up, but I usually end up in a leather jacket and boots!
Bella Thorne - Don't try to impress people. Always be yourself!
Bella Thorne - I never saw myself as a singer; I never really thought I had the voice for it.
Bella Thorne - I really love big scarves. I have a whole bunch.
Bella Thorne - I'm always on Instagram! I'm like an Instagram stalker.
Bella Thorne - I think that everyone has the power to make a change in the world.
Bella Thorne - Dancing inspires my music. Having your girlfriends all together and just being free and happy.
Bella Thorne - I like clean-cut, very proper, very elegant looks.
Bella Thorne - I love Michael Kors! I also love Miu Miu shoes - they're fabulous, I have so many pairs.
Bella Thorne - I was never a dancer before 'Shake It Up'.
Bella Thorne - I don't think people realize how much work it takes to make an album.
Ben Affleck - I find forgiveness to be really healthy.
Ben Affleck - People of similar political persuasions tend to flock together.
Ben Affleck - I grew up in a home environment where I wasn't getting esteem for anything I did.
Ben Affleck - If I ever woke up with a dead hooker in my hotel room, Matt would be the first person I'd call.
Ben Affleck - I feel like fame is wasted on me.
Ben Affleck - Marriage hasn't been my thing. But gay people, knock yourselves out!
Ben Affleck - All I do, really, is go to work and try to be professional, be on time and be prepared.
Ben Affleck - I'm human, just like anybody else.
Ben Affleck - One guy told me I was a great actor, I just would never be on the cover of a magazine.
Ben Affleck - I'm not the most loathsome man in the world. I've dropped to number nine.
Ben Barnes - I don't believe in that kind of pragmatic career ladder stuff.
Ben Barnes - I'm not that kind of Bob Dylan, tortured creative.
Ben Barnes - Half my fan mail comes from Japan.
Ben Barnes - Sword fighting is just as fun as it looks on the screen.
Ben Barnes - I would like to work with whoever would like to have me.
Ben Barnes - I only remember the end of my dreams, like waking up at a steering wheel, or falling.
Ben Barnes - Jeff Bridges is one of my favorite actors in the history of ever.
Ben Barnes - There are plenty of people in the world who have tried to be rock stars and have not gotten there.
Ben Barnes - I didn't have any pets growing up.
Ben Barnes - I'm not really an animal person.
Ben Bernanke - How much would you pay to avoid a second Depression?
Ben Bernanke - In fact, the world needs more nerds.
Ben Bernanke - Monetary policy is not a panacea.
Ben Bernanke - A little humility never hurts.
Ben Bernanke - You want to put the fire out first and then worry about the fire code.
Ben Bernanke - Aggregate statistics can sometimes mask important information.
Ben Bernanke - Identity theft is a serious crime that affects millions of Americans each year.
Ben Bernanke - If two people always agree, one of them is redundant.
Ben Bernanke - The Federal Reserve cannot solve all the economy's problems on its own.
Ben Bernanke - Community development has a long history of innovation and learning from experience.
Ben Carson - Through hard work, perseverance and a faith in God, you can live your dreams.
Ben Carson - So after a while, if people won't accept your excuses, you stop looking for them.
Ben Carson - Economics is not brain surgery.
Ben Carson - If God thinks proportionality is fair who are we to say that it is unfair?
Ben Carson - Corporations are not in business to be social-welfare organizations; they are there to make money.
Ben Carson - I was definitely an at-risk kid growing up.
Ben Carson - There is no job more important than parenting. This I believe.
Ben Carson - When I look at the human brain I'm still in awe of it.
Ben Carson - I serve God, and my purpose is to please Him, and if God be for you, who can be against you?
Ben Carson - There is no one that we can afford to throw away.
Ben Harper - I'm really looking forward to, not more of the same, but a continual growth.
Ben Harper - If I fall, I fall. I'll rise up like anybody else.
Ben Harper - I get diminishing returns when I bore myself in an interview.
Ben Harper - Genetics do play a role in how you consciously or subconsciously manifest your true self.
Ben Harper - You're definitely a different person at different stages in your life.
Ben Harper - Sometimes I think to talk too much about music almost cheapens it.
Ben Harper - Folk is bare bones music.
Ben Harper - My main concern when travelling around the world is finding a place to skateboard!
Ben Harper - I really feel like the sky is the limit with the Innocent Criminals today.
Ben Harper - You have to do what you believe in.
Ben Horowitz - Often any decision, even the wrong decision, is better than no decision.
Ben Horowitz - People say the most important thing is building a world-class team.
Ben Horowitz - I try to help people with management stuff a lot.
Ben Horowitz - Business ends up being very dynamic and situational.
Ben Horowitz - In Silicon Valley, when you're a private company, the entrepreneur can do no wrong.
Ben Horowitz - I'm a huge believer in clarity.
Ben Horowitz - In a company, hundreds of decisions get made, but objectives and goals are thin.
Ben Horowitz - Nobody knows how to be a CEO. It's something you have to learn. It's a very lonely job.
Ben Horowitz - Every employee in a company depends on the C.E.O. to make fast, high-quality decisions.
Ben Horowitz - As a company grows, communication becomes its biggest challenge.
Ben Jonson - True happiness consists not in the multitude of friends, but in the worth and choice.
Ben Jonson - Good men are the stars, the planets of the ages wherein they live, and illustrate the times.
Ben Jonson - To speak and to speak well, are two things. A fool may talk, but a wise man speaks.
Ben Jonson - Language most shows a man, speak that I may see thee.
Ben Jonson - There is no greater hell than to be a prisoner of fear.
Ben Jonson - Apes are apes, though clothed in scarlet.
Ben Jonson - In small proportions we just beauties see; And in short measures, life may perfect be.
Ben Jonson - Talking and eloquence are not the same: to speak, and to speak well, are two things.
Ben Jonson - I do honour the very flea of his dog.
Ben Jonson - He threatens many that hath injured one.
Ben Kingsley - If your best friend has stolen your girlfriend, it does become life and death.
Ben Kingsley - Movie magic is movie magic and acting magic is acting magic.
Ben Kingsley - There's so much crap talked about acting.
Ben Kingsley - I try and reduce myself to an almost blank slate and hope to God that I am creative.
Ben Kingsley - In cinema, the leading player is the director.
Ben Kingsley - As an actor there's no autonomy, unless you're prepared to risk the possibility of starving.
Ben Kingsley - There have not been any troughs as regards my work. There's never been a trough of my assurance.
Ben Kingsley - I don't honestly think people know what acting is.
Ben Kingsley - The hierarchy of class in London was rigid. It was like a religion. It still is to a certain extent.
Ben Kingsley - I'm very in love with the fact that the camera is revolted by acting and loves behaviour.
Ben Okri - Magic becomes art when it has nothing to hide.
Ben Okri - I learned that life will go through changes - up and down and up again. It's what life does.
Ben Okri - Politics is the art of the possible; creativity is the art of the impossible.
Ben Okri - To anyone who is homeless, I say, find a home.
Ben Okri - To sustain your belief through situations that completely undermine it is quite something.
Ben Okri - The greatest religions convert the world through stories.
Ben Okri - Stories can conquer fear, you know. They can make the heart bigger.
Ben Okri - I know that human beings are capable of anything.
Ben Okri - I am not fighting for success, just to get more beauty out of myself and share it with more people.
Ben Okri - You cannot come to a Nigerian restaurant without having pepper soup.
Ben Stein - Every soul deserves a shot at a Cadillac, but not everyone should be guaranteed a Cadillac.
Ben Stein - I don't like the sound of all the lists he's making.
Ben Stein - It's amazing what ordinary people can do if they set out without preconceived notions.
Ben Stein - You can do what you think you can do and you cannot do what you think you cannot.
Ben Stein - The human spirit needs to accomplish, to achieve, to triumph to be happy.
Ben Stein - Somewhere there is a map of how it can be done.
Ben Stein - If you can't stand the heat, don't go to Cancun in the summer.
Ben Stein - Faith is not believing that God can. It is knowing that God will.
Ben Stein - The first step to getting the things you want out of life is this: Decide what you want.
Ben Stein - It means zero to be against greed.
Ben Zobrist - Each new day has a different shape to it. You just roll with it.
Ben Zobrist - You just want the highs to start once the playoffs start.
Ben Zobrist - I knew all the right Bible answers and the Sunday school answers.
Ben Zobrist - The best things happen when you're not overthinking it.
Ben Zobrist - Outfield to infield is the most jarring because in the outfield, you have much more time to throw.
Ben Zobrist - Anytime you put your mind on the results, you lose something in the moment.
Ben Zobrist - We've got to win a championship and bring a World Series trophy back to Chicago.
Ben Zobrist - You just have to keep grinding.
Ben Zobrist - I'm not a cleanup hitter. I'm just batting fourth.
Ben Zobrist - The more I spend at one position, the more I can dive into those details.
Benedict Cumberbatch - Enjoy the journey of life and not just the endgame.
Benedict Cumberbatch - The more charming person is the person who admits the other person is more charming.
Benedict Cumberbatch - Lines are very difficult to learn.
Benedict Cumberbatch - Mystique is rare now, isn't it? There aren't that many enigmas in this modern world.
Benedict Cumberbatch - I love doing impersonations of people.
Benedict Cumberbatch - Having your adolescence at an all-male boarding school is just crap.
Benedict Cumberbatch - Being a posh actor in England you cannot escape the class-typing from whatever side you look at it.
Benedict Cumberbatch - We all want to escape our circumstances, don't we? Especially if you are an actor.
Benedict Cumberbatch - I have actual acting scars.
Benedict Cumberbatch - Talking about class terrifies me. There is no way of winning.
Benigno Aquino III - With proper governance, life will improve for all.
Benigno Aquino III - Strategic partnership is based on a shared set of values.
Benigno Aquino III - Although I was born to famous parents, I know and feel the problems of ordinary citizens.
Benigno Aquino III - I think President Obama, like myself, is a multitasker.
Benigno Aquino III - The message has to be sent that if you commit a crime there has to be punishment.
Benigno Aquino III - I want to make democracy work not only for the rich and the well connected but for everyone.
Benigno Aquino III - I will not only not steal, but I will run after thieves.
Benigno Aquino III - The people want to go back to the time when democracy was in full bloom.
Benigno Aquino III - The United States is a key ally, a strategic partner, and a reliable friend of the Philippines.
Benigno Aquino III - Mom's paintings are a very small part of the legacy she left behind.
Benito Mussolini - It's good to trust others but, not to do so is much better.
Benito Mussolini - Let us have a dagger between our teeth, a bomb in our hands, and an infinite scorn in our hearts.
Benito Mussolini - Every anarchist is a baffled dictator.
Benito Mussolini - Fascism is a religion. The twentieth century will be known in history as the century of Fascism.
Benito Mussolini - The best blood will at some time get into a fool or a mosquito.
Benito Mussolini - Socialism is a fraud, a comedy, a phantom, a blackmail.
Benito Mussolini - Democracy is beautiful in theory; in practice it is a fallacy.
Benito Mussolini - All within the state, nothing outside the state, nothing against the state.
Benito Mussolini - The League is very well when sparrows shout, but no good at all when eagles fall out.
Benito Mussolini - The function of a citizen and a soldier are inseparable.
Benjamin Disraeli - Like all great travellers, I have seen more than I remember, and remember more than I have seen.
Benjamin Disraeli - Never complain and never explain.
Benjamin Disraeli - Seeing much, suffering much, and studying much, are the three pillars of learning.
Benjamin Disraeli - Little things affect little minds.
Benjamin Disraeli - Courage is fire, and bullying is smoke.
Benjamin Disraeli - The secret of success is constancy to purpose.
Benjamin Disraeli - To be conscious that you are ignorant of the facts is a great step to knowledge.
Benjamin Disraeli - The secret of success is to be ready when your opportunity comes.
Benjamin Disraeli - Power has only one duty - to secure the social welfare of the People.
Benjamin Disraeli - Through perseverance many people win success out of what seemed destined to be certain failure.
Benjamin Netanyahu - Some will criticize me no matter what I do.
Benjamin Netanyahu - We don't point a pistol at our own forehead. That is not the way to conduct negotiations.
Benjamin Netanyahu - I'm a proud member of the rabble.
Benjamin Netanyahu - I think that a strong Israel is the only Israel that will bring the Arabs to the peace table.
Benjamin Netanyahu - I always lose the election in the polls, and I always win it on election day.
Benjamin Netanyahu - You know, I'm just not going to get into American politics.
Benjamin Netanyahu - There's no one in Israel who appreciates more than me the importance of American support for Israel.
Benjamin Netanyahu - You don't have people chanting 'Death to America' in Israel.
Benjamin Netanyahu - My level of intervention in the press, trying to control stories, is zero. Subzero.
Benjamin Netanyahu - I've been right more than I've been wrong.
Benjamin Spock - Trust yourself, you know more than you think you do.
Benjamin Spock - You know more than you think you do.
Benjamin Spock - There are only two things a child will share willingly; communicable diseases and its mother's age.
Benjamin Spock - The child supplies the power but the parents have to do the steering.
Benjamin Spock - Happiness is mostly a by-product of doing what makes us feel fulfilled.
Benjamin Spock - To win in Vietnam, we will have to exterminate a nation.
Benjamin Spock - When women are encouraged to be competitive, too many of them become disagreeable.
Benjamin Spock - I was proud of the youths who opposed the war in Vietnam because they were my babies.
Benjamin Spock - Preschool children are virtuosos of imagination.
Benjamin Spock - On the average, older parents are more flexible, tolerant, understanding, and happy in child care.
Benjamin Tucker - But this is not to say that the society which inflicts capital punishment commits murder.
Benjamin Tucker - But which is the State's essential function, aggression or defence, few seem to know or care.
Benjamin Tucker - The moment that justice must be paid for by the victim of injustice it becomes itself injustice.
Benjamin Tucker - We are here, on earth. Not one of us has any right to the earth.
Benjamin Tucker - Capitalism is at least tolerable, which cannot be said of Socialism or Communism.
Benjamin Tucker - Aggression is simply another name for government.
Benjamin Tucker - The essence of government is control, or the attempt to control.
Benjamin Tucker - Murder is an offensive act. The term cannot be applied legitimately to any defensive act.
Benjamin Tucker - Such security is equal liberty. But it is not necessarily equality in the use of the earth.
Benjamin Tucker - The cost of justice can be justly paid only by the invader.
Benny Hinn - Do you know that every unbeliever is filled with a demon spirit?
Benny Hinn - Where in the Bible does it say I have to drive a Honda?
Benny Hinn - Adam was a super-being when God created him.
Benny Hinn - The day is coming when there will not be one sick saint in the body of Christ.
Benny Hinn - God sent Jesus as an example to see if we could retain and maintain the Holy Spirit in human flesh.
Benny Hinn - We receive by faith and we keep it by faith.
Benny Hinn - No, I'm not wealthy.
Benny Hinn - I can tell you this, if it wasn't for my book royalties, I'd be in debt.
Benny Hinn - I'm an open book.
Benny Hinn - It's not been a pleasant life.
Berkeley Breathed - It's never too late to have a happy childhood.
Berkeley Breathed - Despite what they tell you, there are simply no moral absolutes in a complex world.
Berkeley Breathed - I ignore Hallmark Holidays. And this comes from a guy who has sold a million Opus greeting cards.
Berkeley Breathed - If nothing is serious anymore, then there's nothing to satirize.
Berkeley Breathed - Cartooning is about deconstruction: you gotta tear something down to make a joke.
Berkeley Breathed - 'Harry Potter' shouldn't be children's first experience with suspense and plot turns.
Berkeley Breathed - Some of us find our lives abridged even before the paperback comes out.
Berkeley Breathed - The comic page is dying; I didn't want to go with it.
Berkeley Breathed - I started as a news photographer at the University Of Texas' Daily Texan.
Berkeley Breathed - My post-child period resulted in one instant change: I write shorter books for kids.
Bernard Baruch - To me - old age is always ten years older than I am.
Bernard Baruch - Most of the successful people I've known are the ones who do more listening than talking.
Bernard Baruch - Let us not deceive ourselves; we must elect world peace or world destruction.
Bernard Baruch - We did not all come over on the same ship, but we are all in the same boat.
Bernard Baruch - Two things are bad for the heart - running up stairs and running down people.
Bernard Baruch - Don't try to buy at the bottom and sell at the top. It can't be done except by liars.
Bernard Baruch - To me, old age is always fifteen years older than I am.
Bernard Baruch - Millions saw the apple fall, but Newton was the one who asked why.
Bernard Baruch - Vote for the man who promises least; he'll be the least disappointing.
Bernard Baruch - Do not blame anybody for your mistakes and failures.
Bernard Sumner - If you choose to take a path in life, don't blame other people for the path you've chosen to take.
Bernard Sumner - I like a challenge. I like learning new skills because I didn't learn much at school.
Bernard Sumner - Part of the reason I joined Joy Division was so that I really wouldn't have to grow up.
Bernard Sumner - Joy Division sounded like Manchester: cold, sparse and, at times, bleak.
Bernard Sumner - I see all the musicians in Blur with equal standing, really.
Bernard Sumner - The drummer is the backbone of the band and is the real underrated one.
Bernard Sumner - Landscape affects you.
Bernard Sumner - I saw the Sex Pistols, and they were terrible.
Bernard Sumner - You don't see yourself in the same way other people see you.
Bernard Sumner - You can't escape from yourself, can you?
Bernard Williams - There was never a night or a problem that could defeat sunrise or hope.
Bernard Williams - Talent is a flame. Genius is a fire.
Bernard Williams - I like the word 'indolence'. It makes my laziness seem classy.
Bernard Williams - There is no psychiatrist in the world like a puppy licking your face.
Bernard Williams - Man never made any material as resilient as the human spirit.
Bernard Williams - We may pass violets looking for roses. We may pass contentment looking for victory.
Bernard Williams - What a strange world this would be if we all had the same sense of humor.
Bernard Williams - If a June night could talk, it would probably boast it invented romance.
Bernard Williams - Books had instant replay long before televised sports.
Bernard Williams - Few things are as democratic as a snowstorm.
Bernie Mac - I can't build myself by beating somebody down.
Bernie Mac - I love who I am. I love what I've become.
Bernie Mac - Whatever success I've had, I always like to top it.
Bernie Mac - My comedy comes from pain. I can't stand to see someone hurting.
Bernie Mac - Bernie Mac don't sugarcoat.
Bernie Mac - If I can tell someone a story that makes them bend over and laugh, that's bigger than anything else.
Bernie Mac - That's the whole key to anything: Don't be afraid to fail. And Bernie Mac is not afraid to fail.
Bernie Mac - My humor had changed from foolishness to making sense.
Bernie Mac - I'm so black, I leave fingerprints on coal.
Bernie Mac - My daughter was a beautiful child.
Bernie Sanders - The goal of real healthcare reform must be high-quality, universal coverage in a cost-effective way.
Bernie Sanders - One in four corporations doesn't pay any taxes.
Bernie Sanders - I see a future where getting to work or to school or to the store does not have to cause pollution.
Bernie Sanders - The U.S. constitution is an extraordinary document. In my view, it should not be amended often.
Bernie Sanders - Washington is dominated by big money.
Bernie Sanders - I'm not a Democrat, I'm an Independent, but I caucus with the Democrats.
Bernie Sanders - I don't consider myself a pariah.
Bernie Sanders - You know, let me be very clear. I supported Barack Obama originally.
Bernie Sanders - At its worst, Washington is a place where name-calling partisan politics too often trumps policy.
Bernie Sanders - I'm not always a smiley kind of guy.
Bertolt Brecht - Because things are the way they are, things will not stay the way they are.
Bertolt Brecht - It is easier to rob by setting up a bank than by holding up a bank clerk.
Bertolt Brecht - What a miserable thing life is: you're living in clover, only the clover isn't good enough.
Bertolt Brecht - No one will improve your lot if you do not yourself.
Bertolt Brecht - Hungry man, reach for the book: it is a weapon.
Bertolt Brecht - Don't be afraid of death so much as an inadequate life.
Bertolt Brecht - Intelligence is not to make no mistakes, but quickly to see how to make them good.
Bertolt Brecht - Science knows only one commandment - contribute to science.
Bertolt Brecht - Everyone chases after happiness, not noticing that happiness is right at their heels.
Bertolt Brecht - There are many elements to a campaign. Leadership is number one. Everything else is number two.
Bethenny Frankel - Your diet is a bank account. Good food choices are good investments.
Bethenny Frankel - I have the most beautiful daughter in the world and I'm grateful for her.
Bethenny Frankel - You cannot show people only the petals and not the thorns. It's not fair to them.
Bethenny Frankel - I thought doing reality TV would be the greatest success of my life or the biggest mistake.
Bethenny Frankel - I'm always in my pajamas, unless I know for a fact that people are taking my picture.
Bethenny Frankel - I like to look nice, but I'm not marketing being beautiful.
Bethenny Frankel - I'm a big bath person.
Bethenny Frankel - Let's be clear, I'm a strong woman.
Bethenny Frankel - I despise shopping and department stores.
Bethenny Frankel - The only way I'm interested in having a baby is the old-fashioned way.
Bette Davis - I'd luv to kiss ya, but I just washed my hair.
Bette Davis - I have often seen an actor laugh off the stage, but I don't remember ever having seen one weep.
Bette Davis - In this business, until you're known as a monster you're not a star.
Bette Davis - This has always been a motto of mine: Attempt the impossible in order to improve your work.
Bette Davis - Old age is no place for sissies.
Bette Davis - Oh, don't let's ask for the moon. We've already got the stars.
Bette Davis - I will not retire while I've still got my legs and my make-up box.
Bette Davis - Sex is God's joke on human beings.
Bette Davis - If you've never been hated by your child, you've never been a parent.
Bette Davis - I am just too much.
Betty White - You can always tell about somebody by the way they put their hands on an animal.
Betty White - I'm a big cockeyed optimist. I try to accentuate the positive as opposed to the negative.
Betty White - Animals are near and dear to my heart, and I've devoted my life to trying to improve their lives.
Betty White - I've enjoyed the opposite sex a lot. Always have. Always will.
Betty White - Anger tears me up inside... My own... or anyone else's.
Betty White - Hot dogs and Red Vines and potato chips and French fries are my favorite foods.
Betty White - I think older women still have a full life.
Betty White - Animal lover that I am, a cougar I am not.
Betty White - I just make it my business to get along with people so I can have fun. It's that simple.
Betty White - I'm in the acting business. That's the ego business.
Beverly Cleary - I didn't start out writing to give children hope, but I'm glad some of them found it.
Beverly Cleary - I was a great reader of fairy tales. I tried to read the entire fairy tale section of the library.
Beverly Cleary - I read my books aloud before they were published.
Beverly Cleary - I wanted to be a ballerina. I changed my mind.
Beverly Cleary - Writers are good at plucking out what they need here and there.
Beverly Cleary - I was an only child; I didn't have a sister, or sisters.
Beverly Cleary - What interests me is what children go through while growing up.
Beverly Cleary - I had a very wise mother. She always kept books that were my grade level in our house.
Beverly Cleary - I enjoy writing for third and fourth graders most of all.
Beverly Cleary - I was a very observant child. The boys in my books are based on boys in my neighborhood growing up.
Beverly Sills - I've always tried to go a step past wherever people expected me to end up.
Beverly Sills - There are no shortcuts to any place worth going.
Beverly Sills - You may be disappointed if you fail, but you are doomed if you don't try.
Beverly Sills - Art is the signature of civilizations.
Beverly Sills - I lived through the garbage. I might as well dine on the caviar.
Beverly Sills - Attachment to spiritual things is... just as much an attachment as inordinate love of anything else.
Beverly Sills - Anger begins with folly, and ends with repentance.
Beverly Sills - In youth we run into difficulties. In old age difficulties run into us.
Beverly Sills - There is a growing strength in women but it's in the forehead, not the forearm.
Beverly Sills - You see why we play so many crazy ladies. We have to be crazy to start with.
Bianca Jagger - I feel great identification with the developing world.
Bianca Jagger - We are not supposed to go out and kill all those we suspect to have committed a crime.
Bianca Jagger - Those who suffer are not those at the top, but are the less privileged members of society.
Bianca Jagger - I believe the only time when we can call for intervention is when there is an ongoing genocide.
Bianca Jagger - Governments are mandated by international law to protect people from genocide.
Bianca Jagger - The death penalty is being applied in the United States as a fatal lottery.
Bianca Jagger - The killing of innocent people is always wrong.
Bianca Jagger - Today, we talk a lot about terrorism, but we rarely talk about state terrorism.
Bianca Jagger - The Sandinista revolution was without any question a popular insurrection.
Bianca Jagger - Live interviews are more difficult to distort.
Big Sean - I think gold is made for kings and pharaohs - that's what I am.
Big Sean - I get sick all the time because I get no rest and sleep, but it's definitely worth it.
Big Sean - There's definitely a thin line between being tasteful and tacky.
Big Sean - I wanted to make the soundtrack of people's lives.
Big Sean - I never look at it like I'm wasting money when I'm buying gold.
Big Sean - Sometimes I feel like putting on a blazer with just a T-shirt.
Big Sean - Even though it's tiring, I'm having the time of my life.
Big Sean - Being in the Midwest, you get the best of all worlds and add your own flavor to it.
Big Sean - I've definitely stolen a lot of things.
Big Sean - It's a real player move to take a girl wine-tasting on a date - she'll like that.
Bikram Choudhury - You go to Starbucks, and you know what you're going to get. It's the same with my yoga.
Bikram Choudhury - If you can, you must.
Bikram Choudhury - Negative attitude is nine times more powerful than positive attitude.
Bikram Choudhury - Nothing in the world can take my peace away from me.
Bikram Choudhury - There's nothing wrong with material things as long as you don't lie, cheat and steal.
Bikram Choudhury - Maintaining spirituality and humanism are the keys to success. It's a balance.
Bikram Choudhury - Natural hydration is a key factor in any type of sports performance.
Bikram Choudhury - You cannot steal somebody's intellectual property. Law and justice protect.
Bikram Choudhury - Because I'm a sweet, kind guy, everybody thinks I'm an idiot, I'm weak.
Bikram Choudhury - If you don't suffer, you don't get anything. Nothing easy in life.
Bill Bradley - Ambition is the path to success. Persistence is the vehicle you arrive in.
Bill Bradley - Leadership is unlocking people's potential to become better.
Bill Bradley - Trying to take money out of politics is like trying to take jumping out of basketball.
Bill Bradley - The taste of defeat has a richness of experience all its own.
Bill Bradley - Leaders should be collaborative, modest, and generous.
Bill Bradley - Becoming number one is easier than remaining number one.
Bill Bradley - There has never been a great athlete who died not knowing what pain is.
Bill Bradley - When you make speeches you elicit expectations against which you will be held accountable.
Bill Bradley - Al Gore clearly has the vision... it's a much better vision than that of George W. Bush.
Bill Bradley - All I have are the people.
Bill Bryson - I'm a great believer that you had to do everything you've done to have got to where you are.
Bill Bryson - I see litter as part of a long continuum of anti-social behaviour.
Bill Bryson - I understand cricket - what's going on, the scoring - but I can't understand why.
Bill Bryson - The world at night, for much of history, was a very dark place indeed.
Bill Bryson - I come from Des Moines. Someone had to.
Bill Bryson - More than 300 million people in the world speak English and the rest, it sometimes seems, try to.
Bill Bryson - My first rule of consumerism is never to buy anything you can't make your children carry.
Bill Bryson - You may find that your parents are the most delightful people, but you don't want to live with them.
Bill Bryson - You don't need a science degree to understand about science. You just need to think about it.
Bill Bryson - I'm definitely an American, because I grew up here. But I've lived very happily in Britain.
Bill Dedman - With better gear, firefighters no longer surround and drown a fire - they go in.
Bill Dedman - The Iraq war fueled distrust of the press from both sides.
Bill Dedman - History is the best guide to the future.
Bill Dedman - Spring and summer in Pittsburgh mean outdoor festivals.
Bill Dedman - If he is convicted, Dr. Kevorkian says he will die a martyr's death by going on a hunger strike.
Bill Dedman - Humidity notwithstanding, summer seems to bring out the best of Cincinnati.
Bill Dedman - I'm pretty much a documents reporter. I'm a public records geek.
Bill Dedman - I'm not a person who has people tell me things in parking garages.
Bill Dedman - I am not one to seek simple causes.
Bill Dedman - I'm not in the what-people-feel business. It is not my place to guess.
Bill Engvall - It's funny: people who meet me say, 'I thought you'd be different.' But I'm still the same guy.
Bill Engvall - I hate stupid people. They should have to wear signs that just say, 'I'm stupid.'
Bill Engvall - I'm a blue collar guy.
Bill Engvall - I love stand up, but every year, the road takes a little more out of you.
Bill Engvall - There's a reason God didn't give me this success in my 20s, because I'd have blown it.
Bill Engvall - I don't do politics, I don't do religion, I don't do ethnic jokes.
Bill Engvall - I haven't been really nervous about a gig in a long time.
Bill Engvall - It's fun being Bill Engvall.
Bill Engvall - Left to my own vices, all I would own is a Corvette, and it would be broken down.
Bill Engvall - Europe has such an expansive history.
Bill Flores - I think the comments about me being a shill for leadership are beyond the pale.
Bill Flores - We still have a First Amendment that protects your business and free speech.
Bill Flores - You won't find any volatile quotes out in the press where I've run the team down publicly.
Bill Flores - Going forward, we must continue the fight to change the direction of our country.
Bill Flores - I think what we need to do is to have an immigration system where legal immigration is easier.
Bill Flores - I don't endorse people that bash judges based on his ethnic heritage.
Bill Flores - I was incredibly angry to see Mr. Trump question a judge's motives because of his ethnicity.
Bill Flores - We've got to have comprehensive tax reform.
Bill Flores - Washington is out of control, and it's time for Texans to stand up and stop them.
Bill Flores - Chet Edwards votes for every bailout and against ending any bailout!
Bill Goldberg - I really don't have a favorite team.
Bill Goldberg - I'm a believer in karma, and I'm also a believer that things happen for a reason.
Bill Goldberg - You can say I give you this information as a dispassionate observer.
Bill Goldberg - I told my wife, when I go up to the garage and I wash my Cobra, I feel like I'm cheating on her.
Bill Goldberg - The muscles in my lower abdomen had torn off my pelvis.
Bill Goldberg - Do every single thing you can to protect yourself, your family, and your country.
Bill Goldberg - Disrespect is my biggest pet peeve.
Bill Goldberg - I'm as passionate as any car owner or car collector that has one car or 300 cars.
Bill Goldberg - I host reality shows; the last thing I ever wanted to do was be a contestant on one.
Bill Goldberg - The NFL can go to hell.
Bill Hader - I grew up in a total Pink Floyd house.
Bill Hader - I have a lot of incomplete short films and incomplete scripts out there.
Bill Hader - A person being patient with an insane person is my favorite thing in the world.
Bill Hader - I'm very close to my sisters.
Bill Hader - Fred Armisen does a pretty good me.
Bill Hader - Every two months, I would get an email, 'Skeleton Twins update: still don't have the money!'
Bill Hader - Let's face it: I look pretty out of shape.
Bill Hader - I wrote a fan e-mail to Michael Chabon.
Bill Hader - Turns out typecasting is a real thing.
Bill Hader - I remember seeing 'Spinal Tap' at a young age and being like, 'That's how you perform comedy.'
Bill Hicks - I don't mean to sound bitter, cold, or cruel, but I am, so that's how it comes out.
Bill Hicks - Watching television is like taking black spray paint to your third eye.
Bill Hicks - I don't do drugs anymore... than, say, the average touring funk band.
Bill Hicks - I'm not really a heavy smoker any more. I only get through two lighters a day now.
Bill Hicks - I'm a heavy smoker. I go through two lighters a day.
Bill Hicks - We all pay for life with death, so everything in between should be free.
Bill Hicks - Your denial is beneath you, and thanks to the use of hallucinogenic drugs, I see through you.
Bill Hicks - We are the facilitators of our own creative evolution.
Bill Hicks - It's always funny until someone gets hurt. Then it's just hilarious.
Bill Hicks - When two or more people agree on an issue, I form on the other side.
Bill James - I have always been much better at asking questions than knowing what the answers were.
Bill James - I like to feel that I understand little things about sports.
Bill James - Do people really believe there's something different about the eyes of murderers?
Bill James - Professionalism in law has brought us the O.J. Simpson case in lieu of justice.
Bill James - Famous crime stories almost always lead to the passing of new laws.
Bill James - Crime stories show us the part of people's lives they try to keep hidden.
Bill James - Crime cases tend to be fascinating until you figure out what happened.
Bill James - There are, I believe, many more false confessions to murders than true confessions.
Bill James - Computers, like automobiles and airplanes, do only what people tell them to do.
Bill James - Serial murders are just the worst stories. It can take an emotional toll on you.
Bill Maher - Suicide is man's way of telling God, 'You can't fire me - I quit.'
Bill Maher - Women cannot complain about men anymore until they start getting better taste in them.
Bill Maher - It's all been satirized for your protection.
Bill Maher - We have the Bill of Rights. What we need is a Bill of Responsibilities.
Bill Maher - Jim Bakker spells his name with two k's because three would be too obvious.
Bill Maher - Everything that used to be a sin is now a disease.
Bill Maher - Clinton left the White House with all the class of an XFL halftime show.
Bill Maher - Kids. They're not easy. But there has to be some penalty for sex.
Bill Maher - If you think you have it tough, read history books.
Bill Maher - Curious people are interesting people; I wonder why that is.
Bill Murray - I don't want to be that guy mumbling into his drink at a bar.
Bill Murray - Movie acting suits me because I only need to be good for ninety seconds at a time.
Bill Murray - Don't think about your errors or failures; otherwise, you'll never do a thing.
Bill Murray - I realized the more fun I had, the more relaxed I was working, the better I worked.
Bill Murray - Yeah, I think that's sort of the American way. And it's also the Polish way, it turns out.
Bill Murray - I'm a nut, but not just a nut.
Bill Murray - Sometimes I snore, like when I get really tired.
Bill Murray - And I don't like to work. I only like working when I'm working.
Bill Murray - People say I'm difficult and sometimes that's a badge of honour.
Bill Murray - When I work, my first relationship with people is professional.
Bill Nye - The more you find out about the world, the more opportunities there are to laugh at it.
Bill Nye - As you may know, I am a mechanical engineer.
Bill Nye - The information you get from social media is not a substitute for academic discipline at all.
Bill Nye - Humor is everywhere in that there's irony in just about anything a human does.
Bill Nye - Science is the best idea humans have ever had. The more people who embrace that idea, the better.
Bill Nye - Teaching creationism in science class as an alternative to evolution is inappropriate.
Bill Nye - One of the drawbacks of English is you can't spell things by hearing them.
Bill Nye - Evolution is the fundamental idea in all of life science - in all of biology.
Bill Nye - If the Earth gets hit by an asteroid, it's game over. It's control-alt-delete for civilization.
Bill Nye - Winter lingered so long in the lap of Spring that it occasioned a great deal of talk.
Bill Owens - Freedom is contagious. That's why despots fear it so much.
Bill Owens - Leadership offers an opportunity to make a difference in someone's life, no matter what the project.
Bill Owens - Actions, not words, are the ultimate results of leadership.
Bill Owens - A strong economy begins with a strong, well-educated workforce.
Bill Owens - If you ask me to compromise on principle, I will get out the veto pen.
Bill Owens - Americans no longer look to government for economic security; rather, they look to their portfolios.
Bill Owens - I believe the Patriot Act strikes the right balance needed to protect our freedom and security.
Bill Owens - All the faith and good will in the world is wasted without direction.
Bill Owens - Government frequently has a problem recognizing perception versus reality.
Bill Owens - Government can't create wealth, but it can create the conditions for private enterprise to flourish.
Bill Parcells - You don't get any medal for trying something, you get medals for results.
Bill Parcells - If you've ever won a championship, then that's all you're interested in doing.
Bill Parcells - I like linebackers. I collect 'em. You can't have too many good ones.
Bill Parcells - You are what you are.
Bill Parcells - There is winning and there is misery.
Bill Parcells - Success is never final, but failure can be.
Bill Parcells - If you're sensitive, you will have a hard time with me.
Bill Parcells - If you have fun, fine. It's not all life and death.
Bill Parcells - I think confrontation is healthy, because it clears the air very quickly.
Bill Parcells - I'm not really in the excuse business.
Bill Watterson - Things are never quite as scary when you've got a best friend.
Bill Watterson - Reality continues to ruin my life.
Bill Watterson - Weekends don't count unless you spend them doing something completely pointless.
Bill Watterson - From now on, I'll connect the dots my own way.
Bill Watterson - Know what's weird? Day by day, nothing seems to change. But pretty soon, everything's different.
Bill Watterson - It's not denial. I'm just selective about the reality I accept.
Bill Watterson - Nothing helps a bad mood like spreading it around.
Bill Watterson - If people sat outside and looked at the stars each night, I'll bet they'd live a lot differently.
Bill Watterson - When birds burp, it must taste like bugs.
Bill Watterson - Why waste time learning, when ignorance is instantaneous?
Billie Holiday - A kiss that is never tasted, is forever and ever wasted.
Billie Holiday - I'm always making a comeback but nobody ever tells me where I've been.
Billie Holiday - Somebody once said we never know what is enough until we know what's more than enough.
Billie Holiday - Don't threaten me with love, baby. Let's just go walking in the rain.
Billie Holiday - Love is like a faucet, it turns off and on.
Billie Holiday - Sometimes it's worse to win a fight than to lose.
Billie Holiday - No two people on earth are alike, and it's got to be that way in music or it isn't music.
Billie Holiday - I never had a chance to play with dolls like other kids. I started working when I was six years old.
Billie Holiday - I hate straight singing. I have to change a tune to my own way of doing it. That's all I know.
Billie Holiday - If I don't have friends, then I ain't got nothing.
Billie Jean King - A champion is afraid of losing. Everyone else is afraid of winning.
Billie Jean King - Champions keep playing until they get it right.
Billie Jean King - Be bold. If you're going to make an error, make a doozy, and don't be afraid to hit the ball.
Billie Jean King - I think self-awareness is probably the most important thing towards being a champion.
Billie Jean King - The main thing is to care. Care very hard, even if it is only a game you are playing.
Billie Jean King - Sports are a microcosm of society.
Billie Jean King - A girl didn't get an athletic scholarship until the fall of 1972 for the very first time.
Billie Jean King - I always liked co-ed events best so we have two men and two women on each team.
Billie Jean King - I like entrepreneurial people; I like people who take risks.
Billie Jean King - I like putting money back into what made my life, and tennis has been great to me.
Billie Joe Armstrong - There's nothing wrong with being a loser, it just depends on how good you are at it.
Billie Joe Armstrong - No one's really happy anyway, it's not human.
Billie Joe Armstrong - Music - that's been my education. There's not a day that goes by that I take it for granted.
Billie Joe Armstrong - If you have children, you don't want to have drugs and drinks in the house. It's just not good.
Billie Joe Armstrong - I don't want to live in an ivory tower, being the songwriter who just turns inward.
Billie Joe Armstrong - Our passion is our strength.
Billie Joe Armstrong - Punk is not just the sound, the music. Punk is a lifestyle.
Billie Joe Armstrong - Moshing and broken glass just don't go together.
Billie Joe Armstrong - People are so damned afraid that one day they might wake up and discover that they've grown old.
Billie Joe Armstrong - I'm very monogamous.
Billy Connolly - Did your mother never tell you not to drink on an empty head?
Billy Connolly - Marriage is a wonderful invention: then again, so is a bicycle repair kit.
Billy Connolly - I love Los Angeles. It reinvents itself every two days.
Billy Connolly - There are two seasons in Scotland: June and Winter.
Billy Connolly - If Jesus was a Jew, how come he has a Mexican first name?
Billy Connolly - My parents used to take me to the pet department and tell me it was a zoo.
Billy Connolly - Never trust a man, who when left alone with a tea cosey... Doesn't try it on.
Billy Connolly - Fame is being asked to sign your autograph on the back of a cigarette packet.
Billy Connolly - I don't know why I should have to learn Algebra... I'm never likely to go there.
Billy Connolly - I've always wanted to go to Switzerland to see what the army does with those wee red knives.
Billy Corgan - Most people don't know that wrestling came out of the circus.
Billy Corgan - If I worried about appearances, I wouldn't be at Cubs games.
Billy Corgan - We need to get back to a level of social responsibility that we haven't seen for a long time.
Billy Corgan - I grew up in a house of no love or emotion - it kind of sticks with you.
Billy Corgan - Saturn Return is just the return of your planets to their original position.
Billy Corgan - Injuries are nothing to be ashamed about.
Billy Corgan - I had such a big mouth for so long that it doesn't faze anybody anymore.
Billy Corgan - I was part of a generation that changed the world, and it was taken over by posers.
Billy Corgan - We've turned into a whining society.
Billy Corgan - Rock in the mainstream culture has lost a lot of its mojo.
Billy Crystal - I'm going to go on just living and laughing and loving.
Billy Crystal - At 60, I could do the same things I could do at 30, if I could only remember what those things are.
Billy Crystal - That's the thing about jazz: it's free flowing, it comes from your soul.
Billy Crystal - To be good, you need to believe in what you're doing.
Billy Crystal - I can't be funny if my feet don't feel right.
Billy Crystal - Gentlemen, start your egos.
Billy Crystal - Change is such hard work.
Billy Crystal - Women need a reason to have sex. Men just need a place.
Billy Crystal - My granddaughter's birth has made me want to create things she will love.
Billy Crystal - From the first time I saw Sid Caesar be funny I knew that's what I had to do.
Billy Joel - I definitely prefer being a lover than a fighter.
Billy Joel - If you are not doing what you love, you are wasting your time.
Billy Joel - Most people are satisfied with the junk food being sold as music.
Billy Joel - I'd rather laugh with the sinners than cry with the saints - the sinners are much more fun.
Billy Joel - You want to give people a reason to hate my guts more? I'm making more money.
Billy Joel - There's a deep-seated paranoia that Americans have about not being Americans or something.
Billy Joel - My songs are like my kids.
Billy Joel - Musicians want to be the loud voice for so many quiet hearts.
Billy Joel - More than art, more than literature, music is universally accessible.
Billy Joel - Like family, we are tied to each other. This is what all good musicians understand.
Billy Mays - I love beautiful wood.
Billy Mays - Hi, Billy Mays here for...
Billy Mays - When I'm up against a wall, that's when Billy Mays performs best.
Billy Mays - Before you throw it away, let Mighty Mendit save the day.
Billy Mays - My voice, my likeness is my livelihood. That's it. I keep it simple. I pick good products.
Billy Mays - I don't take on a product unless I believe in it. I use everything that I sell.
Billy Mays - I enjoy what I do. I think it shows.
Billy Mays - Life's a pitch, then you buy.
Billy Mays - The best things in life are free - and $19.95.
Billy Mays - It's important for me to sell a product that works.
Billy Sunday - Hell is the highest reward that the devil can offer you for being a servant of his.
Billy Sunday - The world is wrong side up. It needs to be turned upside down in order to be right side up.
Billy Sunday - They tell me a revival is only temporary; so is a bath, but it does you good.
Billy Sunday - More men fail through lack of purpose than lack of talent.
Billy Sunday - Whiskey is all right in its place - but its place is hell.
Billy Sunday - There is nothing in the world of art like the songs mother used to sing.
Billy Sunday - Some persons think that they have to look like a hedgehog to be pious.
Billy Sunday - When the English language gets in my way, I walk over it.
Billy Sunday - If there is no hell, a good many preachers are obtaining money under false pretenses.
Billy Sunday - What have you given the world it never possessed before you came?
Billy Wilder - You have to have a dream so you can get up in the morning.
Billy Wilder - If you're going to tell people the truth, be funny or they'll kill you.
Billy Wilder - We are on the track of something absolutely mediocre.
Billy Wilder - The best director is the one you don't see.
Billy Wilder - He has Van Gogh's ear for music.
Billy Wilder - Trust your own instinct. Your mistakes might as well be your own, instead of someone else's.
Billy Wilder - Hollywood didn't kill Marilyn Monroe, it's the Marilyn Monroes who are killing Hollywood.
Billy Wilder - Hindsight is always twenty-twenty.
Billy Wilder - Shoot a few scenes out of focus. I want to win the foreign film award.
Billy Wilder - Happiness is working with Jack Lemmon.
Bindi Irwin - As I'm getting older, I'm really learning unconditional love and loyalty are extremely important.
Bindi Irwin - I feel like I'm nothing without wildlife. They are the stars. I feel awkward without them.
Bindi Irwin - I really think I like poisonous snakes.
Bindi Irwin - I know I can count on my mum and brother to be there for me through good and bad times.
Bindi Irwin - I make people step over the ant trail.
Bindi Irwin - Give me a 15-ft. crocodile any day over a bee.
Bindi Irwin - I love having my birthday at Australia Zoo.
Bindi Irwin - I love them very much. All animals big and small. You can name an ant for instance.
Bindi Irwin - I'm going to be doing exactly what I'm doing now - teaching people about animals.
Bindi Irwin - I don't want Daddy's passion to ever end. I want to help endangered wildlife just like he did.
Bjork - I'd done three solo albums in a row, and that's quite narcissistic.
Bjork - I get obsessed by little nerdy things in my corner that no one else is interested in.
Bjork - I think every year brings unknowns that you have to deal with and handle, confront and embrace.
Bjork - I'm a fountain of blood. In the shape of a girl.
Bjork - I guess I'm quite used to not being understood rather than being understood.
Bjork - There's no map to human behaviour.
Bjork - People are always asking me about eskimos, but there are no eskimos in Iceland.
Bjork - The reason I do interviews is because I'm protecting my songs.
Bjork - People that complete other people's vision are understated.
Bjork - Nature is our chapel.
Blake Farenthold - Nobody in the Washington regulatory bureaucracy gets fired for saying no.
Blake Farenthold - In an urban area, you're not going to be an hour away from another post office.
Blake Farenthold - I actually enjoy having the Capitol view. We started referring to it as the trillion dollar view.
Blake Farenthold - I'm a Texan - my idea of gun control is hitting what you aim at and nothing else.
Blake Farenthold - 'Those people' is a bad word.
Blake Farenthold - I see our veterans as American heroes, not as cartoon characters.
Blake Farenthold - I've got a quad copter on my Christmas list, as I suspect quite a few people do.
Blake Farenthold - I've been through several of his campaigns, and I can tell you nobody can out-campaign Rick Perry.
Blake Farenthold - Nobody likes to make a hard decision, because you're running every two years.
Blake Farenthold - Every member of Congress has highways in their district.
Blake Lively - The most beautiful thing you can wear is confidence.
Blake Lively - All I need is my Chanel dress, my Louboutins, and some red lipstick.
Blake Lively - I love being at home and cooking and baking.
Blake Lively - I've never been a big fan of gossip. Being a victim of it, I knew how much it hurt.
Blake Lively - I've always been a night owl.
Blake Lively - Everybody on our cast is very musically talented, except for me.
Blake Lively - I can't believe we're being paid to live in New York.
Blake Lively - In high school, there are so many cliques. You're never safe.
Blake Lively - My whole family's been in the business. My whole family is crazy.
Blake Lively - It's difficult to wear such high Louboutins and also freestyle rap.
Blake Shelton - I like bubble baths.
Blake Shelton - There needs to be an app that edits what I say versus what I want to say.
Blake Shelton - My life has been an open book, for better or for worse.
Blake Shelton - Shoot, man, I love everybody! I don't have time to hate.
Blake Shelton - To me, what makes an artist is a unique personality that they're not afraid to let show.
Blake Shelton - I'm not that smart, but I'm smart enough to know that if Usher wants to help you, you let him.
Blake Shelton - I love my band - they are the best out there, and I wouldn't want to perform with anyone else.
Blake Shelton - I've spent a lifetime in love with country music.
Blake Shelton - The wussiest thing a guy can do is drive a clean truck. Dents, scratches and mud - that's manly.
Blake Shelton - If you're in the public eye, people are going to take shots at you.
Bo Bennett - A dream becomes a goal when action is taken toward its achievement.
Bo Bennett - For every good reason there is to lie, there is a better reason to tell the truth.
Bo Bennett - A dead end can never be a one way street; you can always turn around and take another road.
Bo Bennett - A rejection is nothing more than a necessary step in the pursuit of success.
Bo Bennett - Never expect people to treat you any better than you treat yourself.
Bo Bennett - Frustration, although quite painful at times, is a very positive and essential part of success.
Bo Bennett - Faked enthusiasm is worse than bad acting - it is bad acting with the intent to deceive.
Bo Bennett - As sure as the spring will follow the winter, prosperity and economic growth will follow recession.
Bo Bennett - Visualization is daydreaming with a purpose.
Bo Bennett - Without initiative, leaders are simply workers in leadership positions.
Bo Jackson - Set your goals high, and don't stop till you get there.
Bo Jackson - I hate to blow my own horn, but I gave a lot of people fits.
Bo Jackson - As a 9th grader, I competed with the high school kids and out of 600 people, I finished 10th.
Bo Jackson - Back before I injured my hip, I thought going to the gym was for wimps.
Bo Jackson - First of all, I really never imagined myself being a professional athlete.
Bo Jackson - I am a firm believer in if you can't get it the old fashioned way, you don't need it.
Bo Jackson - If I miss anything about the sport, it's the camaraderie of old teammates.
Bo Jackson - If you have four years to complete your college education, do it.
Bo Jackson - In baseball, I was a pitcher, which I hated because there was no action there.
Bo Jackson - Really, it's not harder to train for them because once baseball starts you play everyday almost.
Bob Hope - You know you're getting old when the candles cost more than the cake.
Bob Hope - I grew up with six brothers. That's how I learned to dance - waiting for the bathroom.
Bob Hope - I don't feel old. I don't feel anything till noon. That's when it's time for my nap.
Bob Hope - I do benefits for all religions - I'd hate to blow the hereafter on a technicality.
Bob Hope - If you haven't got any charity in your heart, you have the worst kind of heart trouble.
Bob Hope - She said she was approaching forty, and I couldn't help wondering from what direction.
Bob Hope - Middle age is when your age starts to show around your middle.
Bob Hope - I have a wonderful make-up crew. They're the same people restoring the Statue of Liberty.
Bob Hope - You never get tired unless you stop and take time for it.
Bob Hope - I love to go to Washington - if only to be near my money.
Bob Iger - The heart and soul of the company is creativity and innovation.
Bob Iger - The riskiest thing we can do is just maintain the status quo.
Bob Iger - People don't like to follow pessimists.
Bob Iger - What I've really learned over time is that optimism is a very, very important part of leadership.
Bob Iger - I get up at 4:30 in the morning, seven days a week, no matter where I am in the world.
Bob Iger - I ride a bike and use aerobic equipment twice a week, and work out with a trainer, lifting weights.
Bob Iger - I don't want to sound too critical, but we're taking a wait-and-see approach on UltraViolet.
Bob Iger - I started off wanting very much to be a newscaster.
Bob Iger - I began as a weatherman and I learned very quickly I wasn't very good at it.
Bob Iger - Keeping it simple for the consumer is incredibly dire.
Bob Newhart - This stammer got me a home in Beverly Hills, and I'm not about to screw with it now.
Bob Newhart - The acting is better when you know your material is being judged.
Bob Newhart - Laughter gives us distance. It allows us to step back from an event, deal with it and then move on.
Bob Newhart - I was influenced by every comedian I ever saw work. That's the only way you learn how to do it.
Bob Newhart - I think there's a part, just a part of comedians, that is still childlike.
Bob Newhart - All comedians are, in a way, anarchists. Our job is to make fun of the existing world.
Bob Newhart - The only way to survive is to have a sense of humour.
Bob Newhart - The schizophrenic has no sense of humor. His world is a constantly daunting, unfriendly place.
Bob Newhart - Don't live in the past. There's no point. You can't change anything. What a waste of time.
Bob Newhart - I've had time off, and it drove me nuts. I was crawling up the wall.
Bob Uecker - I had slumps that lasted into the winter.
Bob Uecker - I knew when my career was over. In 1965 my baseball card came out with no picture.
Bob Uecker - In 1962 I was named Minor League Player of the Year. It was my second season in the bigs.
Bob Uecker - I set records that will never be equaled. In fact, I hope 90% of them don't even get printed.
Bob Uecker - Sporting goods companies pay me not to endorse their products.
Bob Uecker - When I looked at the third base coach, he turned his back on me.
Bob Uecker - How do you catch a knuckleball? You wait until it stops rolling, then go pick it up.
Bob Uecker - After getting out of the service and going into baseball I never wanted to do anything else.
Bob Uecker - I was acting when I was playing baseball.
Bob Uecker - Where would I be without baseball? Who am I without baseball?
Bobby Fischer - I like the moment when I break a man's ego.
Bobby Fischer - I want to see the U.S. wiped out. Death to the U.S.
Bobby Fischer - All that matters on the chessboard is good moves.
Bobby Fischer - I hate ready-made suits, button-down collars, and sports shirts.
Bobby Fischer - I don't want to look like a bum.
Bobby Fischer - All I want to do, ever, is play chess.
Bobby Fischer - I am boring. I am boring!
Bobby Fischer - I don't believe in hero worship.
Bobby Fischer - I consider myself to be a genius who happens to play chess.
Bobby Fischer - I don't believe in psychology.
Bobby Flay - A grill is just a source of heat. Just like a stove, it is very user-friendly.
Bobby Flay - Grilling outside with my parents at the Jersey shore. We would grill lobster and corn in the summer.
Bobby Flay - Grilling takes the formality out of entertaining. Everyone wants to get involved.
Bobby Flay - You can't chase everybody on the Internet who's saying stuff about you, that's for sure.
Bobby Flay - I love the culture of grilling. It creates an atmosphere that is festive but casual.
Bobby Flay - When people pile seven things onto one burger, it drives me nuts!
Bobby Flay - I can't be on the cheeseburger diet all the time.
Bobby Flay - I guess I fell into cooking.
Bobby Flay - My feeling is that if you can cook, I can teach you how to do television.
Bobby Flay - I work out to eat.
Bobby Heenan - The money's the same, whether you earn it or scam it.
Bobby Heenan - There's nothing better than a good, blind referee.
Bobby Heenan - I know all about cheating. I've had six very successful marriages.
Bobby Heenan - I'm a legend in this sport. If you don't believe me, ask me.
Bobby Heenan - There's the downtown area of Tupelo. Did you see the skyscrapers? Two stories.
Bobby Heenan - North Dakota State. What do you have to do there to graduate? Milk a cow with your left hand?
Bobby Heenan - I'd love to be popular in Barcelona. That sounds like a fun job.
Bobby Heenan - A friend in need is a pest.
Bobby Heenan - You can win, it'll just cost you some money.
Bobby Heenan - You'd have a good voice, if it ever came out of your throat.
Bobby Knight - The will to succeed is important, but what's more important is the will to prepare.
Bobby Knight - You don't play against opponents, you play against the game of basketball.
Bobby Knight - People change over the years, and that changes situations for good and for bad.
Bobby Knight - I don't have to wait until the next morning to regret something I did that was kinda dumb.
Bobby Knight - Walking has been ridiculous in college basketball the past 15 years.
Bobby Knight - Mental toughness is to physical as four is to one.
Bobby Knight - Most people have the will to win, few have the will to prepare to win.
Bobby Knight - All of us learn to write in the second grade. Most of us go on to greater things.
Bobby Knight - I don't intend to retire.
Bobby Knight - I'm an unemployed teacher right now and I'm looking for a place to teach.
Bobby McFerrin - The true musician is to bring light into people's hearts.
Bobby McFerrin - I like to use the audience as my color palette, my instrument.
Bobby McFerrin - I grew up in a time when being a musician and learning to be a musician was actually very wonderful.
Bobby McFerrin - My biggest musical influences are probably my parents.
Bobby McFerrin - I don't want anything to get in the way of me and my singing. I want my mind as clear as possible.
Bobby McFerrin - I want to write a book of poetry, as well as children's stories.
Bobby McFerrin - I have a lot of albums yet to do.
Bobby McFerrin - But, if there's any aspect of my career that needs attention, it's writing.
Bobby McFerrin - I do a lot of performing, but don't get a chance to go to the studio and write good music.
Bobby McFerrin - I played piano as a kid; I still play a little bit.
Bobby Orr - I never looked at hockey as work. Now that I'd finished playing, I had to go to work.
Bobby Orr - Forget about style; worry about results.
Bobby Orr - Hockey is a tough game.
Bobby Orr - My Dad was my biggest supporter. He never put pressure on me.
Bobby Orr - So many of today's programs are about trophies and jackets, and we think that's a big mistake.
Bobby Orr - Staying out of the penalty box will really help.
Bobby Orr - There are no environments where you're only going to win, because life just isn't like that.
Bobby Orr - I was an offensive defenseman. I was up the ice as much as I was back.
Bobby Orr - When you're young, you don't realize the sacrifices that people are making for you.
Bobby Orr - I'm a terrible dancer! Oh, I'm an awful dancer!
Bobby Seale - Lots of people think I went to prison. I never went to prison. I was in jail without bail.
Bobby Seale - Being so closely related to the South, barbecue was part of segregation and helped defeat it.
Bobby Seale - I think I can capture the taste buds of the average right-wing conservative who loves barbecue.
Bobby Seale - The Black Panther party of Self-Defense is a revolutionary party.
Bobby Seale - If they had not murdered Malcolm X, there probably never would have been a Black Panther Party.
Bobby Seale - You don't fight racism with racism, the best way to fight racism is with solidarity.
Bobby Seale - I am not a hoodlum. I'm a community organizer.
Bobby Seale - The Black Panther Party were not revenge nationalists.
Bobby Seale - I consider myself a political revolutionary humanist.
Bobby Seale - To develop political and economic power in a capitalist society, you need capital.
Bodhidharma - Regardless of what we do, our karma has no hold on us.
Bodhidharma - Your mind is nirvana.
Bodhidharma - If you use your mind to look for a Buddha, you won't see the Buddha.
Bodhidharma - And as long as you're subject to birth and death, you'll never attain enlightenment.
Bodhidharma - Only one person in a million becomes enlightened without a teacher's help.
Bodhidharma - Not engaging in ignorance is wisdom.
Bodhidharma - As long as you look for a Buddha somewhere else, you'll never see that your own mind is the Buddha.
Bodhidharma - But deluded people don't realize that their own mind is the Buddha. They keep searching outside.
Bodhidharma - Once you see your nature, sex is basically immaterial.
Bodhidharma - The essence of the Way is detachment.
Bonnie Raitt - Solar power is the last energy resource that isn't owned yet - nobody taxes the sun yet.
Bonnie Raitt - I never saw music in terms of men and women or black and white. There was just cool and uncool.
Bonnie Raitt - I like to think I get better with age, but maybe absence makes the heart grow fonder.
Bonnie Raitt - The fifth member of my band is my non-profit work.
Bonnie Raitt - I would rather feel things in extreme than not at all.
Bonnie Raitt - There's nothing like living a long time to create a depth and soulfulness in your music.
Bonnie Raitt - In blues, classical and jazz, you get more revered with age.
Bonnie Raitt - My love was Bob Dylan, but as I got older I realized a good ballad was a good ballad.
Bonnie Raitt - I don't think there's ever been any music quite like what we came up with.
Bonnie Raitt - I've watched my peers get better with age and hoped that would happen with me.
Bonnie Tyler - I still love to do the old songs. I know some people don't.
Bonnie Tyler - Fabulous place, Dublin is. The trouble is, you work hard and in Dublin you play hard as well.
Bonnie Tyler - You think the Welsh are friendly, but the Irish are fabulous.
Bonnie Tyler - So many people release albums before Christmas and they get lost in the Christmas rush.
Bonnie Tyler - I haven't had a big hit record in America since 1987.
Bonnie Tyler - I don't do every song that comes my way; I'm very choosy.
Bonnie Tyler - I'm always late to bed - usually after midnight - but then I sleep for around ten hours.
Bonnie Tyler - Holding a menu at arm's length, peering at anything that required reading, made me feel so old.
Bonnie Tyler - The best thing about success was being able to buy my parents a house.
Bonnie Tyler - I love my nice things, but I'm still the Welsh family girl.
Bono - Music can change the world because it can change people.
Bono - My heroes are the ones who survived doing it wrong, who made mistakes, but recovered from them.
Bono - The less you know, the more you believe.
Bono - It's stasis that kills you off in the end, not ambition.
Bono - We thought that we had the answers, it was the questions we had wrong.
Bono - Books! I dunno if I ever told you this, but books are the greatest gift one person can give another.
Bono - I think ABBA have a pure joy to their music and that's what makes them extraordinary.
Bono - Selling out is doing something you don't really want to do for money. That's what selling out is.
Bono - Rock music is niche.
Bono - So you cannot, as a Christian, walk away from Africa.
Booker T. Washington - Nothing ever comes to one, that is worth having, except as a result of hard work.
Booker T. Washington - I shall allow no man to belittle my soul by making me hate him.
Booker T. Washington - Excellence is to do a common thing in an uncommon way.
Booker T. Washington - Character is power.
Booker T. Washington - Dignify and glorify common labor. It is at the bottom of life that we must begin, not at the top.
Booker T. Washington - If you want to lift yourself up, lift up someone else.
Booker T. Washington - There are two ways of exerting one's strength: one is pushing down, the other is pulling up.
Booker T. Washington - Associate yourself with people of good quality, for it is better to be alone than in bad company.
Booker T. Washington - One man cannot hold another man down in the ditch without remaining down in the ditch with him.
Booker T. Washington - There is no power on earth that can neutralize the influence of a high, simple and useful life.
Boris Johnson - My policy on cake is pro having it and pro eating it.
Boris Johnson - It is easy to make promises - it is hard work to keep them.
Boris Johnson - I suppose with houses and assets, then I guess I would be a millionaire. But so are a lot of people.
Boris Johnson - So I'm definitely in favour of stimulating the dynamic wealth creation sectors of the economy.
Boris Johnson - I am supporting David Cameron purely out of cynical self-interest.
Boris Johnson - It just happens I write fast and always have done.
Boris Johnson - I lead a life of blameless domesticity and always have done.
Boris Johnson - We cannot turn our backs on Europe. We are part of Europe.
Boris Johnson - The job of mayor of London is unbelievably taxing, particularly in the run-up to the Olympics.
Boris Johnson - I'm a one-nation Tory.
Brad Feld - Don't be afraid to have a big vision, but make sure it's a clear one.
Brad Feld - My optimism holds that the good guys eventually come out on top.
Brad Feld - One of my core values is diversity of everything.
Brad Feld - While I live a busy life, the pace ebbs and flows.
Brad Feld - Technology doesn't address everything - for example, air travel still sucks.
Brad Feld - A rite of passage in America when you turn 50 and have good health insurance is a colonoscopy.
Brad Feld - I love dreams.
Brad Feld - Anyone who knows me knows I'm a strong advocate for diversity across all dimensions.
Brad Feld - Repeat after me: 'There is a very limited amount of easy money.'
Brad Feld - I think 'Shoe Dog' by Phil Knight is the best memoir I've ever read by a business person.
Brad Goreski - My sister has been there for me through everything.
Brad Goreski - You can't go wrong mixing classic graphics in black and white. It's very Parisienne.
Brad Goreski - I was a little chubby, rosy-cheeked kid.
Brad Goreski - When I used to have braces, I would match my rubber bands to the season.
Brad Goreski - My whole philosophy is about playing dress-up.
Brad Goreski - When you're an assistant, you're executing the wishes of your boss.
Brad Goreski - I always have my Bose headphones. I have to have the noise-cancelling headphones.
Brad Goreski - I was not expecting my sister to ask me to be her best man. I was so honored.
Brad Goreski - I love red. Red pants. Red suit. Red coat. Red anything.
Brad Goreski - Obviously, sometimes I just feel like looking like a box of crayons.
Brad Henry - A good teacher can inspire hope, ignite the imagination, and instill a love of learning.
Brad Henry - Resilience is woven deeply into the fabric of Oklahoma. Throw us an obstacle, and we grow stronger.
Brad Henry - Education is not solely about earning a great living. It means living a great life.
Brad Henry - The only thing holding us back is ourselves.
Brad Henry - Let us be bold. Let us be brave. Let us be together.
Brad Henry - If ever there was a time for true bipartisanship, it is today.
Brad Henry - The status quo is simply unacceptable.
Brad Henry - There is too much at stake for us to surrender to the politics of polarization.
Brad Henry - A fundamental duty of government is to protect its people.
Brad Henry - In charting our course to the future, we are mindful of our path from the past.
Brad Paisley - That there's no more important decision in life than who you marry.
Brad Paisley - Deep down, I'm just a West Virginia hillbilly.
Brad Paisley - You look out there and there's people that, their day is changed because of your contribution to it.
Brad Paisley - I love any and all situations where you celebrate creativity.
Brad Paisley - It just gets easier in that you become more you in the process.
Brad Paisley - Anytime you do something from the heart, people just know it.
Brad Paisley - Willie Nelson, out there 200 days a year, calls his band family. And it is.
Brad Paisley - I'm aware of the fact that a lot of talented people out there will never get this chance.
Brad Paisley - Even in your darkest moments, you'll think of something that'll crack you up.
Brad Paisley - Alison Krauss is definitely my favorite singer that's ever lived. I've never heard anyone like her.
Brad Pitt - It's a lovely experience walking around a museum by yourself.
Brad Pitt - You must lose everything in order to gain anything.
Brad Pitt - Actions speak louder than words, and it's no more true than with your kids.
Brad Pitt - I always liked those moments of epiphany, when you have the next destination.
Brad Pitt - My life has been about big changes.
Brad Pitt - I'm one of those people you hate because of genetics. It's the truth.
Brad Pitt - Being married means I can break wind and eat ice cream in bed.
Brad Pitt - Heartthrobs are a dime a dozen.
Brad Pitt - I oscillate between agnosticism and atheism.
Brad Pitt - I've always been at war with myself, for right or wrong.
Bradley Cooper - If you look at anything, there are always comedic moments.
Bradley Cooper - I was pretty as a child and I felt that I wasn't very manly and that plagued me for years.
Bradley Cooper - Being in 'Us Weekly' does not make you famous.
Bradley Cooper - I think I'm a decent-looking guy. Sometimes I can look great, and other times I look horrifying.
Bradley Cooper - I just wrapped this movie called 'The Wedding Crashers' which was a pretty big break for me.
Bradley Cooper - In a relationship you want to treat people the way you want to be treated.
Bradley Cooper - Give me an authentic woman, and I'm happy.
Bradley Cooper - I have two beautiful dogs that I cherish.
Bradley Cooper - You can tell if someone's into you. You can feel the chemistry.
Bradley Cooper - If I like a song, I'll just keep playing it, and it never gets old.
Bradley Whitford - I want to see Bob Dylan do sketch comedy. I'm a huge Bob Dylan fan.
Bradley Whitford - Having an affair with an intern is just an incredibly stupid thing to do.
Bradley Whitford - With the success of a show, you get an opportunity to call attention to things that you believe in.
Bradley Whitford - You don't want to become one of those Hollywood idiots who is just blathering about anything.
Bradley Whitford - Richard Schiff is a really good baseball player. It's surprising because he looks exhausted.
Bradley Whitford - Love means never having to say you're a zero.
Bradley Whitford - I can't believe George Bush might be president.
Bradley Whitford - Anybody who can dial a telephone can master tennis scoring in about 15 minutes.
Bradley Whitford - This election ain't no stinkin' TV show.
Bradley Whitford - Cal Ripken is steady, he focuses on his job, and he's a good guy.
Bradley Wiggins - My attitude is that, if you have nothing to hide, why not show it?
Bradley Wiggins - I'd love to win Paris-Roubaix.
Bradley Wiggins - Working-class people don't tend to be wooed by celebrity.
Bradley Wiggins - If I can win the Tour de France, there is hope for everybody.
Bradley Wiggins - When you're in the heat of the moment, you need guys you can trust and who have been there for you.
Bradley Wiggins - People think sport is life and death - it's not.
Bradley Wiggins - I can get obsessive with my training, but it makes you who you are.
Bradley Wiggins - I always compare myself to the best.
Bradley Wiggins - They do say now in cycling that there's no such thing as bad weather - it's bad clothing.
Bradley Wiggins - I've been in a lot of pressure situations; I know what I can do.
Branch Rickey - It is not the honor that you take with you, but the heritage you leave behind.
Branch Rickey - Never surrender opportunity for security.
Branch Rickey - A great ballplayer is a player who will take a chance.
Branch Rickey - Leisure is the handmaiden of the devil.
Branch Rickey - Problems are the price you pay for progress.
Branch Rickey - The greatest untapped reservoir of raw material in the history of our game is the black race.
Branch Rickey - Thinking about the devil is worse than seeing the devil.
Branch Rickey - Trade a player a year too early rather than a year too late.
Branch Rickey - Baseball is a game of inches.
Branch Rickey - The man with the ball is responsible for what happens to the ball.
Brantley Gilbert - I don't write anything that I hadn't experienced or hadn't been through.
Brantley Gilbert - I take a lot of pride in being able to say that what you see is what you get.
Brantley Gilbert - There's no smoke and mirrors here.
Brantley Gilbert - Every place you go to, they have their own little flair.
Brantley Gilbert - I like being different.
Brantley Gilbert - My mom's an angel, bless her heart, for everything I put her through.
Brantley Gilbert - The only thing that makes me uncomfortable is when people that do drink, don't drink around me.
Brantley Gilbert - A lot of rap music can get repetitive.
Brantley Gilbert - My police record says I went to Panama City, but I don't recall it.
Brantley Gilbert - If a really, really pretty girl needs a ride home, I'm your guy.
Brendan Behan - Every man, through fear, mugs his aspirations a dozen times a day.
Brendan Behan - Other people have a nationality. The Irish and the Jews have a psychosis.
Brendan Behan - No yesterdays are ever wasted for those who give themselves to today.
Brendan Behan - I have never seen a situation so dismal that a policeman couldn't make it worse.
Brendan Behan - A man is already halfway in love with any woman who listens to him.
Brendan Behan - There is no such thing as bad publicity except your own obituary.
Brendan Behan - Inspirations never go in for long engagements; they demand immediate marriage to action.
Brendan Behan - What an author likes to write most is his signature on the back of a cheque.
Brendan Behan - If it was raining soup, the Irish would go out with forks.
Brendan Behan - If you greatly desire something, have the guts to stake everything on obtaining it.
Brendon Urie - It's cool to be different and just be who you are and shock people in a good way.
Brendon Urie - I've never considered myself a lyricist, but I have stuff to say.
Brendon Urie - I love being the center of attention. I'm shameless about it.
Brendon Urie - There's always a bit of nerves that come with expectations and new situations.
Brendon Urie - I think it's healthy for bands to discover new, older stuff.
Brendon Urie - What I love is getting polarized opinions.
Brendon Urie - I guess if I had to classify myself, I'd say I'm straight.
Brendon Urie - The future should be exciting, you know? It shouldn't be a nerve-wracking experience.
Brendon Urie - I think the only festival I ever went to was Warped Tour.
Brendon Urie - I've done a collaboration with Action Bronson, which is, like, the coolest thing I've done so far.
Brett Favre - I think every player should think that he's a difference maker.
Brett Favre - Injuries obviously change the way you approach the game.
Brett Favre - Life deals you a lot lessons, some people learn from it, some people don't.
Brett Favre - I think my stubbornness, hardheadedness and stupidity is what has allowed me to play for 20 years.
Brett Favre - I know it's not a one man team win or lose.
Brett Favre - I may be a successful football player, but I feel like such a failure.
Brett Favre - I consider adversity being good sometimes, you know.
Brett Favre - I'm not perfect.
Brett Favre - If I can change than anyone can change. I promise you that.
Brett Favre - Obviously talent gets you to a certain point, but it's what you do with it, how you handle.
Brett Young - It's really hard to chase a lofty dream.
Brett Young - I don't know what it is in me that refuses to quit, but I think it's kind of like, dare to dream.
Brett Young - My first concert was Boyz II Men and Mariah Carey.
Brett Young - It is such a surreal feeling to have my first single go No. 1!
Brett Young - It's funny how God will change your plans for you when he's ready.
Brett Young - I was writing and playing in California for 11 years before I moved to Nashville.
Brett Young - I get to share the stage with some of the best.
Brett Young - I've always been pretty in touch with what I'm feeling.
Brett Young - It's always helpful to put things down on paper. That's why I started writing.
Brett Young - I turned on 'One Tree Hill,' heard the opening song, and went, 'I got to know whose voice that is.'
Brian Celio - I write my own quotes. Except this one. I obviously stole this from somebody really clever.
Brian Celio - The only way to get under me is to get over yourself.
Brian Celio - True friends: only a few have 'em, but only a few will admit that they don't.
Brian Celio - I watch what I eat every day. I mean, who actually eats with their eyes closed?
Brian Celio - Love becomes logically true when lost but still sought from the same source.
Brian Celio - As much as it hurts, I would rather miss someone than hit someone.
Brian Celio - Dear disgruntled artists: the key to success isn't kicking down the door; it's building your own.
Brian Celio - Don't hate the word, playa; hate the dictionary.
Brian Celio - Maybe the best way to get people to be pro-life is to start 'em off in amateur-life.
Brian Celio - Just because you're scarred for life doesn't mean you should be scared to live.
Brian Eno - It's not the destination that matters. It's the change of scene.
Brian Eno - As soon as I hear a sound, it always suggests a mood to me.
Brian Eno - For the world to be interesting, you have to be manipulating it all the time.
Brian Eno - I hate the rock music tradition. I can't bear it!
Brian Eno - I'm always interested in what you can do with technology that people haven't thought of doing yet.
Brian Eno - Anything popular is populist, and populist is rarely a good adjective.
Brian Eno - Honor thy error as a hidden intention.
Brian Eno - I make a lot of pieces of music that I never release as CDs.
Brian Eno - Even though I'm known as a pop musician, I have a seriousness about what I do.
Brian Eno - I want to rethink 'surrender' as an active verb.
Brian Greene - The bottom line is that time travel is allowed by the laws of physics.
Brian Greene - We might be the holographic image of a two-dimensional structure.
Brian Greene - No matter how hard you try to teach your cat general relativity, you're going to fail.
Brian Greene - If the theory turns out to be right, that will be tremendously thick and tasty icing on the cake.
Brian Greene - Art makes us human, music makes us human, and I deeply feel that science makes us human.
Brian Greene - I enjoy reading blogs, but am not interested in having my spurious thoughts out there.
Brian Greene - I've seen children's eyes light up when I tell them about black holes and the Big Bang.
Brian Greene - I believe we owe our young an education that captures the exhilarating drama of science.
Brian Greene - Exploring the unknown requires tolerating uncertainty.
Brian Greene - It's hard to teach passionately about something that you don't have a passion for.
Brian May - The guitar has a kind of grit and excitement possessed by nothing else.
Brian May - The biggest emotion in creation is the bridge to optimism.
Brian May - We do play to our audience. It's very important. You can't create music in a vacuum.
Brian May - Mantovani was a great influence on me.
Brian May - The guitar was my weapon, my shield to hide behind.
Brian May - Astronomy's much more fun when you're not an astronomer.
Brian May - I don't think anybody comes close to The Beatles, including Oasis.
Brian May - I really thought I was pretty good before I saw Hendrix, and then I thought: Yeah, not so good.
Brian May - The Wedding March has a bit of a death march in it.
Brian May - There's nothing I'm embarrassed about.
Brian Molko - I'm a weirdo magnet, but I'm handling it better than I used to.
Brian Molko - I guess the line between being paranoid and being a rock star is smaller than one would expect.
Brian Molko - We live in a strange bubble.
Brian Molko - I love being a freak. It's great!
Brian Molko - The more you'll dress up the more fun you'll have.
Brian Molko - Being so honest in my writing is cathartic.
Brian Molko - Music is about expressing things you can't in everyday life.
Brian Molko - I used to fly off the handle in everyday life, but I'm a little calmer now.
Brian Molko - I refuse to be held responsible for bringing back a wave of pasty-faced people into the world.
Brian Molko - I've always found music that is carnal very attractive but not in the most obvious way.
Brian O'Driscoll - Knowledge is knowing that a tomato is a fruit. Wisdom is knowing not to put it in a fruit salad.
Brian O'Driscoll - A physical therapist does some unbelievable stretching with me.
Brian O'Driscoll - You've to celebrate the good days because there are brutal days that make the good ones sweet.
Brian O'Driscoll - One thing I learnt early on my career is that personal gratification takes second place.
Brian O'Driscoll - My missus knows to leave me alone.
Brian O'Driscoll - I was a football fan before I became a rugby fan.
Brian O'Driscoll - Growing up, I supported Manchester United, and my hero was Mark Hughes.
Brian O'Driscoll - When you are captain, you are never speaking for yourself.
Brian O'Driscoll - Just because you lost your last game doesn't mean you change anything.
Brian O'Driscoll - There's ego in all of us rugby players.
Brian Tracy - The greatest gift that you can give to others is the gift of unconditional love and acceptance.
Brian Tracy - Goals allow you to control the direction of change in your favor.
Brian Tracy - Successful people are simply those with successful habits.
Brian Tracy - The true measure of the value of any business leader and manager is performance.
Brian Tracy - Winners make a habit of manufacturing their own positive expectations in advance of the event.
Brian Tracy - You have within you right now, everything you need to deal with whatever the world can throw at you.
Brian Tracy - The person we believe ourselves to be will always act in a manner consistent with our self-image.
Brian Tracy - Relationships are the hallmark of the mature person.
Brian Tracy - Whatever we expect with confidence becomes our own self-fulfilling prophecy.
Brian Tracy - It doesn't matter where you are coming from. All that matters is where you are going.
Brian Wilson - What in the world is a hangover cure?
Brian Wilson - I still believe that something is right only when it feels right.
Brian Wilson - I listen to oldies but goodies stations, '60s and '70s music.
Brian Wilson - To wear a floral shirt is an experience.
Brian Wilson - The Beatles, the Rolling Stones and Phil Spector. Those were my idols.
Brian Wilson - I play piano all the time. I'm always at my piano, playing music.
Brian Wilson - You know, Rolling Stones songs all sound kind of the same.
Brian Wilson - I'm not a genius. I'm just a hard-working guy.
Brian Wilson - There's no outdoing The Beatles.
Brian Wilson - I always do get a little bit paranoid when I get a lot of attention. But I get used to it.
Brie Larson - For some reason, chewing gum for me gets my brain going.
Brie Larson - I didn't go to prom - I was homeschooled.
Brie Larson - I had collages in my bedroom when I was a teenager.
Brie Larson - Growing up, I just loved movies. It was how I saw the world, which I wanted to learn more about.
Brie Larson - For me, the dumbest rule is that you can't chew gum in school.
Brie Larson - I was 3 when I told my mom that I knew what my dharma was and that I wanted to be an actor.
Brie Larson - I'm so used to swimming with the piranhas. And they're really not that bad.
Brie Larson - I can be whoever I want. I can feel however I want.
Brie Larson - I don't really have any people in my life who aren't gypsies.
Brie Larson - Now I find seriousness to be rather ridiculous.
Brigham Young - True independence and freedom can only exist in doing what's right.
Brigham Young - Love the giver more than the gift.
Brigham Young - Never let a day pass that you will have cause to say, I will do better tomorrow.
Brigham Young - A good man, is a good man, whether in this church, or out of it.
Brigham Young - Any young man who is unmarried at the age of twenty one is a menace to the community.
Brigham Young - Remember, a chip on the shoulder is a sure sign of wood higher up.
Brigham Young - Honest hearts produce honest actions.
Brigham Young - We should never permit ourselves to do anything that we are not willing to see our children do.
Brigham Young - In the adversity of our best friends we often find something that does not displease us.
Brigham Young - I want to live perfectly above the law, and make it my servant instead of my master.
Brigitte Bardot - It is better to be unfaithful than to be faithful without wanting to be.
Brigitte Bardot - We have abolished the death penalty for humans, so why should it continue for animals?
Brigitte Bardot - Every age can be enchanting, provided you live within it.
Brigitte Bardot - They may call me a sinner, but I am at peace with myself.
Brigitte Bardot - People are forever finding something wrong with you.
Brigitte Bardot - As for being a little bunny that never says a word, that is truly the opposite of me.
Brigitte Bardot - It is sad to grow old but nice to ripen.
Brigitte Bardot - Men are beasts and even beasts don't behave as they do.
Brigitte Bardot - I started out as a lousy actress and have remained one.
Brigitte Bardot - I don't think when I make love.
Britney Spears - I dress the way I want. I don't pretend to be someone I'm not.
Britney Spears - Just because I look sexy on the cover of Rolling Stone doesn't mean I'm naughty.
Britney Spears - I go through life like a Karate Kid.
Britney Spears - I don't like defining myself. I just am.
Britney Spears - I used to be a cool chick but I'm not anymore.
Britney Spears - I've never really wanted to go to Japan. Simply because I don't like eating fish.
Britney Spears - I'm very boring. I'm a mom. I'm 34 years old.
Britney Spears - I know not everyone will like me, but this is who I am so if you don't like it, tough!
Britney Spears - With love, you should go ahead and take the risk of getting hurt because love is an amazing feeling.
Britney Spears - Don't treat me like a little girl.
Brittany Murphy - You actually can make it, no matter what. I truly am a firm believer in that. Eminem's living proof.
Brittany Murphy - The older I get, the more I embrace my own idiosyncrasies.
Brittany Murphy - Home is where my mom is.
Brittany Murphy - I just always have to cry out a breakup, and then I can make peace with it pretty quickly.
Brittany Murphy - My dreams and aspirations when I was a child for as long as I can remember was to be an entertainer.
Brittany Murphy - I love being in love.
Brittany Murphy - I'm not really a big candy eater.
Brittany Murphy - I do sarcasm really poorly.
Brittany Murphy - Curiosity did kill the cat, but I'm very curious.
Brittany Murphy - I take work very seriously and telling the truth in my job and professionalism.
Brock Osweiler - When there's pressure, I believe people will break under it or a diamond will be created.
Brock Osweiler - You need to have laser focus on doing your job.
Brock Osweiler - I have nothing but love for my time I spent in Denver, and appreciation, and gratitude.
Brock Osweiler - I'm always going to try to win with a positive mindset.
Brock Osweiler - Coming to Houston was an opportunity that I couldn't pass up.
Brock Osweiler - As coaches say, it's about finding your role. We're coming together as a team.
Brock Osweiler - Anytime you play New England, you know it's going to be a challenge.
Brock Osweiler - As a competitor, you want to be out there in the fire with your teammates.
Brock Osweiler - I'm just concerned with winning, not individual accolades.
Brock Osweiler - When I make a mistake once, it's usually not going to happen again.
Bruce Dickinson - Everything you need to know about Iron Maiden is onstage.
Bruce Dickinson - If heavy metal bands ruled the world, we'd be a lot better off.
Bruce Dickinson - With the Internet, bands can come and go every five minutes and the music looks disposable.
Bruce Dickinson - If you really want to annoy me, ask me when I'm going to retire from rock n' roll.
Bruce Dickinson - The joke in aviation is, 'If you want to make a million, you'd better start with 10m.'
Bruce Dickinson - Life is too short to do the things you don't love doing.
Bruce Dickinson - Well, yeah, sometimes I get a little too creative.
Bruce Dickinson - I do like Marylin Manson, actually. I think, he's very talented and he did make some great music.
Bruce Dickinson - The more guitars we have onstage the better, as I'm concerned.
Bruce Dickinson - I shall refract myself, yes, I shall no longer be known as the prism.
Bruce Springsteen - I have spent my life judging the distance between American reality and the American dream.
Bruce Springsteen - It's a sad man my friend who's livin' in his own skin and can't stand the company.
Bruce Springsteen - When it comes to luck, you make your own.
Bruce Springsteen - I think that is what film and art and music do; they can work as a map of sorts for your feelings.
Bruce Springsteen - The best music is essentially there to provide you something to face the world with.
Bruce Springsteen - Talk about a dream, try to make it real.
Bruce Springsteen - Anyone who's grown up or lived on the Jersey Shore knows the place is unique.
Bruce Springsteen - Blind faith in your leaders, or in anything, will get you killed.
Bruce Springsteen - The release date is just one day, but the record is forever.
Bruce Springsteen - Some of the greatest blues music is some of the darkest music you've ever heard.
Bruce Willis - You can't undo the past... but you can certainly not repeat it.
Bruce Willis - I would say, 'I'm alone, but I'm not lonely.' But I was just kidding myself.
Bruce Willis - My wife heard me say I love you a thousand times, but she never once heard me say sorry.
Bruce Willis - I'm really just a regular guy who has had an incredibly blessed life.
Bruce Willis - I hate working out. Because I work out for films now solely I come to associate it with work.
Bruce Willis - I hate government. I'm apolitical. Write that down. I'm not a Republican.
Bruce Willis - But the action film genre is gonna have to come up with some new bad guys.
Bruce Willis - They look right. And you move left.
Bruce Willis - If you catch him, just give me four seconds with Saddam Hussein.
Bruce Willis - Everybody, no matter how old you are, is around 24, 25 in their heart.
Bruno Mars - I've learned people are watching, so don't do nothing stupid.
Bruno Mars - You can't knock on opportunity's door and not be ready.
Bruno Mars - You pick up some fans and a handful of haters along the way.
Bruno Mars - When it's your time, it is your time.
Bruno Mars - Hawaii is paradise. It sounds cheesy to say it, but there's music in the air there.
Bruno Mars - I don't try and be dark, but there are obviously darker emotions that I want to capture sometimes.
Bruno Mars - I signed up to be a musician, I want to perform, I want to sing.
Bruno Mars - I really wish I knew what I was doing because I'd be writing hit songs every minute.
Bruno Mars - If I was a billionaire, I'd be smart with my money.
Bruno Mars - No one sells a song better than the person that wrote it.
Bryan Ferry - You can never get silence anywhere nowadays, have you noticed?
Bryan Ferry - Secretly, I wanted to look like Jimi Hendrix, but I could never quite pull it off.
Bryan Ferry - I like the name Atomic Kitten. It's so great.
Bryan Ferry - I like L.A., but I shouldn't live there.
Bryan Ferry - But when you get music and words together, that can be a very powerful thing.
Bryan Ferry - But I do like to have peace and quiet for a good hour.
Bryan Ferry - Women! I have no idea. I don't know anything about women at all. They're a complete mystery to me.
Bryan Ferry - Words can be very powerful. I find them very difficult.
Bryan Ferry - Performing was terrifying.
Bryan Ferry - Oh yes, much, because music is just something that comes to you. You don't question it.
Bryant H. McGill - There is no love without forgiveness, and there is no forgiveness without love.
Bryant H. McGill - The greatest self is a peaceful smile, that always sees the world smiling back.
Bryant H. McGill - One of the most sincere forms of respect is actually listening to what another has to say.
Bryant H. McGill - The world is not fair, and often fools, cowards, liars and the selfish hide in high places.
Bryant H. McGill - Do not let your grand ambitions stand in the way of small but meaningful accomplishments.
Bryant H. McGill - Take without forgetting, and give without remembering.
Bryant H. McGill - Within the hearts men, loyalty and consideration are esteemed greater than success.
Bryant H. McGill - Self-made men often worship their creator.
Bryant H. McGill - The worst bullies you will ever encounter in your life are your own thoughts.
Bryant H. McGill - Seek goodness and be goodness. Seek beauty and be beauty. Seek love and be love.
Bryce Harper - If you don't have dreams, you don't have a life.
Bryce Harper - I'd rather be a good person off the field than a good baseball player on the field.
Bryce Harper - Baseball needs more superstars.
Bryce Harper - I expect perfection from myself.
Bryce Harper - I'm not trying to fit in with nobody. I'm just me.
Bryce Harper - I want my teammates to know I have their backs.
Bryce Harper - I've always talked to the media. I'm pretty respectful to the media.
Bryce Harper - I think you have to be respectful to the people who want to talk to you.
Bryce Harper - If I had to describe myself in one word, 'Hercules.'
Bryce Harper - I can squat 405. I'm proud of that - that's one of my favorites.
Bubba Watson - My dad's not here, but he's watching in heaven.
Bubba Watson - Paris is a beautiful city.
Bubba Watson - I am uncomfortable with heights, I'm scared of the dark and I am scared of big crowds.
Bubba Watson - If I have got a swing, I have got a shot.
Bubba Watson - I just wanna be me and play golf. I'm just Bubba.
Bubba Watson - Winning the green jacket is great - I can pay for all the diapers I'm going to have to get.
Bubba Watson - I love France. France is a nice place.
Bubba Watson - It's a dream come true for Bubba Watson from Bagdad, Florida to have the green jacket on.
Bubba Watson - I don't take anything for granted.
Bubba Watson - My life is fulfilled.
Buffalo Bill - But the love of adventure was in father's blood.
Buffalo Bill - Excitement was plentiful during my two years' service as a Pony Express rider.
Buffalo Bill - I had many enemies among the Sioux; I would be running considerable risk in meeting them.
Buffalo Bill - My restless, roaming spirit would not allow me to remain at home very long.
Buffalo Bill - I could never resist the call of the trail.
Buffalo Bill - My debut upon the world's stage occurred on February 26, 1845, in the State of Iowa.
Buffalo Bill - Quick as lightning Wild Bill pulled his revolver. The stranger fell dead, shot through the brain.
Buffalo Bill - The cholera had broken out at the post, and five or six men were dying daily.
Buffalo Bill - I was persuaded now that I was destined to lead a life on the Plains.
Buffalo Bill - It was my effort, in depicting the West, to depict it as it was.
Burnie Burns - If somebody's in the community doing cool stuff, we'll hire them.
Burnie Burns - YouTube's algorithm doesn't know what's going on in the world.
Burnie Burns - I lived a significant portion of my life before the Internet and smart phones.
Burnie Burns - Travel is stressful.
Burnie Burns - We started making content because we wanted to see it, and so our content ended up being genuine.
Burnie Burns - I started one of the first online video companies way back in 2003.
Burnie Burns - I think, ultimately, the story of Rooster Teeth is going to be one of longevity.
Burnie Burns - The good thing about feature films is that the budgets tend to scale.
Burnie Burns - I have been playing video games since the Atari 2600 days.
Burnie Burns - Anybody who has traveled with a significant other before knows it's tough.
Buzz Aldrin - If we can conquer space, we can conquer childhood hunger.
Buzz Aldrin - I still say, 'Shoot for the moon; you might get there.'
Buzz Aldrin - We must still think of ourselves as pioneers to understand the importance of space.
Buzz Aldrin - The much-hyped Ares 1-X was much ado about nothing.
Buzz Aldrin - I think humans will reach Mars, and I would like to see it happen in my lifetime.
Buzz Aldrin - Some things just can't be described. And stepping onto the moon was one of them.
Buzz Aldrin - It's real easy to manufacture what you think the people want to hear. But that's not very honest.
Buzz Aldrin - Every couple of years, we could dispatch people from Earth to Mars.
Buzz Aldrin - A family needs to work as a team, supporting each other's individual aims and aspirations.
Buzz Aldrin - Mars is there, waiting to be reached.
Caitlin Moran - I hate that tabloid idea of anybody who is famous having to forfeit their privacy.
Caitlin Moran - The kind of classic pose of a female model is to look kind of sexy and a bit annoyed.
Caitlin Moran - I just want Tina Fey to be my best friend. And Lena Dunham. And Oprah, too.
Caitlin Moran - As far as I'm concerned, you're a feminist by default if you're born in the Western world right now.
Caitlin Moran - If you're not a confident person, pretend to be one.
Caitlin Moran - I do not... look very feminine. Diana, Princess of Wales is feminine... I am... femi-none.
Caitlin Moran - If you can find a frock you look nice in and can run up three flights of stairs, you're not fat.
Caitlin Moran - Telly never has any smart, amusing intellectuals living on a council estate.
Caitlin Moran - My parents were hippies. I'm the eldest of eight children.
Caitlin Moran - There are 3 billion women in the world, so there are 3 billion ways to be a feminist.
Caitlyn Jenner - Sexuality is who you are personally attracted to... But gender identity is who you are in your soul.
Caitlyn Jenner - I always felt that my greatest asset was not my physical ability, it was my mental ability.
Caitlyn Jenner - Start early and begin raising the bar throughout the day.
Caitlyn Jenner - First of all, I try to be a positive role model.
Caitlyn Jenner - I still have nightmares about taking tests.
Caitlyn Jenner - If you're asking your kids to exercise, then you better do it, too. Practice what you preach.
Caitlyn Jenner - We put so much pressure on kids to excel in school at such a young age.
Caitlyn Jenner - It's about working when nobody's watching.
Caitlyn Jenner - I got into sports because that was a way to prove your masculinity. I was good at it.
Caitlyn Jenner - I have struggled with identity all my life. It's not like something that just happened last week.
Cal Ripken, Jr. - You could be a kid for as long as you want when you play baseball.
Cal Ripken, Jr. - By far, the best moment of my big league career was when I caught the last out at the World Series.
Cal Ripken, Jr. - I don't mind being described as vanilla in certain ways.
Cal Ripken, Jr. - Sometimes I think sportsmanship is a little bit forgotten in place of the individual attention.
Cal Ripken, Jr. - I had trouble with my temper all the way through the minor leagues.
Cal Ripken, Jr. - Being elected to the Hall of Fame is about your career pretty much and your impact on the game.
Cal Ripken, Jr. - I'm always flattered when someone thinks of me as a potential commissioner of baseball.
Cal Ripken, Jr. - I see myself as extremely lucky.
Cal Ripken, Jr. - I did make a choice when I got away from baseball to be there to get my kids off to college.
Cal Ripken, Jr. - Quite frankly, I don't miss standing in the box or standing on the field playing.
Calvin Klein - I've been strong and determined all my life about many things I've wanted.
Calvin Klein - I'm in a business where no one cares about anything except how well your last collection sold.
Calvin Klein - I don't think about my fame very much.
Calvin Klein - I won't allow myself to have tremendous fear.
Calvin Klein - It's fun seeing my label on someone's behind - I like that.
Calvin Klein - I'm crazy, and I don't pretend to be anything else.
Calvin Klein - The best thing is to look natural, but it takes makeup to look natural.
Calvin Klein - I don't always want my opinion known. What little privacy I have left I'd like to maintain.
Calvin Klein - I don't dwell on success. Maybe that's one reason I'm successful.
Calvin Klein - I guess I don't have a proper perspective on my fame; if I did, I don't think I'd like it.
Camille Paglia - Manhood coerced into sensitivity is no manhood at all.
Camille Paglia - I guess I'm just a natural warrior.
Camille Paglia - Leaving sex to the feminists is like letting your dog vacation at the taxidermist.
Camille Paglia - Anti-religious sneers are a hallmark of perpetual adolescents.
Camille Paglia - A woman simply is, but a man must become.
Camille Paglia - A war still rages over the legacy of the 1960s.
Camille Paglia - Rule of art: Cant kills creativity!
Camille Paglia - If civilization had been left in female hands we would still be living in grass huts.
Camille Paglia - When anything goes, it's women who lose.
Camille Paglia - Pursuit and seduction are the essence of sexuality. It's part of the sizzle.
Candice Swanepoel - I like a man who looks like a bad boy but knows how to treat a woman like a queen.
Candice Swanepoel - I was very skinny, braces; so I never thought I would be a model.
Candice Swanepoel - Your body is a machine. Learn the right way to take care of it.
Candice Swanepoel - I try to train as much as I can, as much as my schedule allows it.
Candice Swanepoel - Victoria's Secret is like a big family.
Candice Swanepoel - I'm crazy about jewelry; swimwear and jewelry.
Candice Swanepoel - I am healthy and happy.
Candice Swanepoel - I get skinnier if I'm very busy.
Candice Swanepoel - I'm usually bikini-ready all year round.
Candice Swanepoel - I want to live my life naked, with all my little naked kids naked in the garden.
Captain Beefheart - When I see a dolphin, I know it's just as smart as I am.
Captain Beefheart - You can tell by the kindness of a dog how a human should be.
Captain Beefheart - The stars are matter, we're matter, but it doesn't matter.
Captain Beefheart - Most of modern rock and roll is a product of guilt.
Captain Beefheart - I'm interested in playing, not working.
Captain Beefheart - I live in a Mobile Home - I've never had a house, except once; I rented a log cabin.
Captain Beefheart - I have no neighbours other than animals and Joshua Trees.
Captain Beefheart - Bob Dylan impresses me about as much as... well, I was gonna say a slug but I like slugs.
Captain Beefheart - An audience can really lift you right up off the stage.
Captain Beefheart - If you want to be a different fish, jump out of school.
Cara Delevingne - This modeling thing, it's pretty easy, but actually it's also really tough.
Cara Delevingne - Embrace your weirdness!
Cara Delevingne - I hyperventilate quite a lot.
Cara Delevingne - I've always wanted to do a shoot with snakes - big snakes, like pythons.
Cara Delevingne - I like to be goofy. I like to make people laugh. I like to have a good time as much as possible.
Cara Delevingne - Victoria's Secret is really about celebrating women and what they stand for: the strength.
Cara Delevingne - I wanted to be a Disney Channel star! I wanted to be Hannah Montana.
Cara Delevingne - I love to beatbox and have been doing it before I even knew what it was.
Cara Delevingne - In school, I was Martha in 'Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?' I loved that.
Cara Delevingne - Psoriasis is an autoimmune disease, and I'm sensitive.
Carice van Houten - I think it's cool people love to hate me.
Carice van Houten - I'm a workaholic.
Carice van Houten - I tend to really duck down and make myself smaller than I already am.
Carice van Houten - I personally don't like to rehearse so much. I really sort of trust my instinct.
Carice van Houten - I have a very musical family from my Scottish roots.
Carice van Houten - Don't get me wrong: I would not say no to an Oscar!
Carice van Houten - In my own country, I play light comedies and funny parts.
Carice van Houten - It's great to play somebody's wife, but not all the time. There's so many other stories to tell.
Carice van Houten - I can't say I'm having trouble with my husband or that I have a stubborn child.
Carice van Houten - I don't know how to play evil.
Carine Roitfeld - When I don't know what to wear, I wear black lace.
Carine Roitfeld - I have good legs, so I prefer my skirt lengths and my high heels. It's like my uniform.
Carine Roitfeld - I'm always independent. No boss.
Carine Roitfeld - Each morning, you dress to become a different woman. Fashion helps.
Carine Roitfeld - Pregnancy is something that I always love. It's about hope and the future and a new baby.
Carine Roitfeld - I love black lingerie and white shoes, and I love knives.
Carine Roitfeld - I don't like Botox. It makes a very strange forehead.
Carine Roitfeld - I always love to push myself, because I am not so self-confident.
Carine Roitfeld - The Russians are very much more up and down than the French.
Carine Roitfeld - I love ballet because you can see how beautiful the body is.
Carl Lewis - Life is about timing.
Carl Lewis - You have to free your mind to do things you wouldn't think of doing. Don't ever say no.
Carl Lewis - Whether I'm 40, 50 or 60, I'm going to be as physically strong as I am able.
Carl Lewis - Our message of the day is service does not need a title.
Carl Lewis - I work with the Carl Lewis Foundation focusing on youth from high school down.
Carl Lewis - When I run - you can see my record - I run to win.
Carl Lewis - People have always thought of me as being something, but I'm just a human being like everyone else.
Carl Lewis - I don't intend to stay around any longer than I feel I can be No. 1.
Carl Lewis - I'm a fast learner. I may not run as fast as I used to, but I think I still learn as fast.
Carl Lewis - I enjoy my life, I love track, I'm set for life financially.
Carl Sandburg - A baby is God's opinion that life should go on.
Carl Sandburg - Poetry is an echo, asking a shadow to dance.
Carl Sandburg - To be a good loser is to learn how to win.
Carl Sandburg - Love your neighbor as yourself; but don't take down the fence.
Carl Sandburg - Life is like an onion. You peel it off one layer at a time, and sometimes you weep.
Carl Sandburg - Nothing happens unless first we dream.
Carl Sandburg - Let the gentle bush dig its root deep and spread upward to split one boulder.
Carl Sandburg - The moon is a friend for the lonesome to talk to.
Carl Sandburg - One of the greatest necessities in America is to discover creative solitude.
Carl Sandburg - I learned you can't trust the judgment of good friends.
Carl von Clausewitz - Pursue one great decisive aim with force and determination.
Carl von Clausewitz - Courage, above all things, is the first quality of a warrior.
Carl von Clausewitz - The backbone of surprise is fusing speed with secrecy.
Carl von Clausewitz - War is the continuation of politics by other means.
Carl von Clausewitz - It is even better to act quickly and err than to hesitate until the time of action is past.
Carl von Clausewitz - Many intelligence reports in war are contradictory; even more are false, and most are uncertain.
Carl von Clausewitz - War is regarded as nothing but the continuation of state policy with other means.
Carl von Clausewitz - To secure peace is to prepare for war.
Carl von Clausewitz - War is not an exercise of the will directed at an inanimate matter.
Carl von Clausewitz - War is the domain of physical exertion and suffering.
Carlene Carter - Musically, I always wanted to experiment.
Carlene Carter - Be yourself. And every person is unique.
Carlene Carter - There's something unnatural about losing a sibling when they're young.
Carlene Carter - I like to do one thing at a time and do it to the best of my ability.
Carlene Carter - I believe everything falls into place as it's supposed to.
Carlene Carter - I always have to just be myself. Anything else, I'm not happy, and it comes out musically.
Carlene Carter - Eccentricity has never been discouraged in our family.
Carlene Carter - I'm kind of a perfectionist about my songwriting. If I don't mean it, I don't think it's any good.
Carlene Carter - I've had a few ditty hits.
Carlene Carter - Lots of girls marry at 16 in Tennessee.
Carlos Ghosn - The time is right for electric cars - in fact the time is critical.
Carlos Ghosn - The role of leadership is to transform the complex situation into small pieces and prioritize them.
Carlos Ghosn - Design is important, it's an important dimension in the car. It's not the only one.
Carlos Ghosn - Profit is the most global aspect of a business, and it is cross-functional.
Carlos Ghosn - Don't believe what I say. Believe what I do.
Carlos Ghosn - As the CEO, I have to take care of the short term, mid term and the long term.
Carlos Ghosn - Business is tough; you need tough guys.
Carlos Ghosn - It would be easier to make money in other sectors, but since I was a kid, I liked cars.
Carlos Ghosn - You don't build your character by doing what everybody else is doing.
Carlos Ghosn - Electric cars are not going to take the market by storm, but it's going to be a gradual improvement.
Carlos Santana - There's never one sunrise the same or one sunset the same.
Carlos Santana - If you carry joy in your heart, you can heal any moment.
Carlos Santana - Just as we have two eyes and two feet, duality is part of life.
Carlos Santana - Some songs are just like tattoos for your brain... you hear them and they're affixed to you.
Carlos Santana - Your wrinkles either show that you're nasty, cranky, and senile, or that you're always smiling.
Carlos Santana - Everybody sooner or later has to drop the luggage and the baggage of illusions.
Carlos Santana - I knuckle down with my demons, and with my weaknesses.
Carlos Santana - The Devil is like a strainer that separates the mud from the gold.
Carlos Santana - Stay in your heart.
Carlos Santana - There is no person that love cannot heal; there is no soul that love cannot save.
Carlos Slim - You should have more time for you during all of your life - not when you're 65 and retired.
Carlos Slim - The biggest things in life are not materials.
Carlos Slim - I love baseball. And American Football, too. But not rugby.
Carlos Slim - If you are in business, you are not enjoying. You are working.
Carlos Slim - When I was very young, maybe 12 years, I began to make investments.
Carlos Slim - There are people who are good for letters and others that are good for numbers.
Carlos Slim - I don't have business with any politicians.
Carlos Slim - We don't take anything when we pass away, and we need to do with the sense of responsibility.
Carlos Slim - I studied engineering in the national university, the Universidad Autonoma, in San Ildefonso.
Carlos Slim - Well, when I was very young, maybe 12 years, I began to make investments.
Carly Fiorina - Life is measured in love and positive contributions and moments of grace.
Carly Fiorina - If a decision-making process is flawed and dysfunctional, decisions will go awry.
Carly Fiorina - People who don't fit the mold are treated differently than those who do.
Carly Fiorina - You take unacceptable risk, you have to be prepared to face the consequence.
Carly Fiorina - Do not be afraid to make decisions, do not be afraid to make mistakes.
Carly Fiorina - Once I dive in, I dive in all the way.
Carly Fiorina - Women are not all single-issue voters.
Carly Fiorina - I've never thought in terms of 'men do this' and 'women do that.'
Carly Fiorina - Leadership comes in small acts as well as bold strokes.
Carly Fiorina - A merger is hard to pull off under any circumstances. It's harder when everybody is against you.
Carly Simon - A really strong woman accepts the war she went through and is ennobled by her scars.
Carly Simon - You usually can't tell what's inspiring until you look back on it.
Carly Simon - I took it to heart that in order to be a good person, you never said anything mean about anybody.
Carly Simon - You're lucky you had that when you were 20. I sure didn't. I was overweight, and I had acne.
Carly Simon - As a singer I tried on all these hats, these voices, these clothes, and eventually out came me.
Carly Simon - I had this terrible stammer, so I couldn't really speak properly until I was 16 or 17.
Carly Simon - We need role models who are going to break the mold.
Carly Simon - My scar is beautiful. It looks like an arrow.
Carly Simon - I just want to show off my scar proudly and not be afraid of it.
Carly Simon - Sometimes, but the year I lived in France I started to write songs.
Carmelo Anthony - Life is a risk.
Carmelo Anthony - It's too late for me to get married before I'm famous. You never know people's intentions.
Carmelo Anthony - People look at me like I'm on my way out of the game. I'm just getting started.
Carmelo Anthony - Any decision I make is the biggest decision of my life.
Carmelo Anthony - I wanted to make the lightest shoe possible, but still be able to perform at the same time.
Carmelo Anthony - I just want to get on the court.
Carmelo Anthony - I think going to college for that one year was probable the best thing I have ever done.
Carmelo Anthony - I think everybody has their own unique style.
Carmelo Anthony - I can't palm a basketball.
Carmelo Anthony - Who wouldn't want to go back home to play?
Carol Leifer - I'm not into working out. My philosophy: No pain, no pain.
Carol Leifer - Just be your authentic self because there's nothing sexier or more beautiful than that.
Carol Leifer - My kind of gay is like the late-breaking-lesbian kind of gay.
Carol Leifer - I never thought I was going to have children. I just thought after 45, that was it.
Carol Leifer - I feel I've always got to keep my stand-up because I never want to lose it.
Carol Leifer - My father was a huge influence on me.
Carol Leifer - I cried when I turned 34 for no other reason than 34 sounded old to me at the time.
Carol Leifer - As a writer, the worst thing you can do is work in an environment of fear of rejection.
Carol Leifer - My father was the kind of guy who'd always say 'Throw out any subject and I got a joke on it.'
Carol Leifer - My stand-up act is very clean.
Carole King - My parents always told me I could be anything I wanted to be.
Carole King - My life has been a tapestry of rich and royal hue, an everlasting vision of the ever changing view.
Carole King - There is a downside to having one of the biggest-selling albums ever.
Carole King - Sensitive, humbug. Everybody thinks I'm sensitive. Wait until they hear my new album.
Carole King - I'm a songwriter first.
Carole King - I didn't want to be an artist.
Carole King - I only wanted to be a songwriter. I never wanted to be a singer. And I never wanted to be famous.
Carole King - My creativity is an entity unto its own.
Carole King - I write heavily under the influence of James Taylor.
Carole King - My one area of vulnerability was I didn't know how to have a healthy relationship with a man.
Carolina Herrera - Fashion has always been a repetition of ideas, but what makes it new is the way you put it together.
Carolina Herrera - Fashion is to please your eye. Shapes and proportions are for your intellect.
Carolina Herrera - You never expect anything when you are 20 because you think that you'll never get older.
Carolina Herrera - I'm not going to say that I'm perfect. I do have fashion crises.
Carolina Herrera - Sometimes the simplest things are the most profound.
Carolina Herrera - You feel very romantic when you're in a ball gown. Everyone should wear one once in a while.
Carolina Herrera - Attention to detail is of utmost importance when you want to look good.
Carolina Herrera - Luxury will be always around, no matter what happens in the world.
Carolina Herrera - Intuition is a strong feminine quality.
Carolina Herrera - Keep in shape: if you look good, you will feel confident.
Caroline Wozniacki - You can't dwell in your past but move forward, look forward. That's it.
Caroline Wozniacki - As long as I win I'm doing something right.
Caroline Wozniacki - I never give up. Doesn't matter what the score is.
Caroline Wozniacki - On grass, it can be the small things that decide a match.
Caroline Wozniacki - In Denmark lots of people come up to me for autographs.
Caroline Wozniacki - You feel better about yourself when you do something with yourself. You also feel more confident.
Caroline Wozniacki - I just go out there and fight for every point, and then we see how far I can go.
Caroline Wozniacki - My parents just always taught me to be reasonable.
Caroline Wozniacki - I do my best, and that's all I can do.
Caroline Wozniacki - I like Twitter a lot. It is a great way to get the fans knowing another side of you.
Carrie Fisher - Instant gratification takes too long.
Carrie Fisher - Resentment is like drinking poison and waiting for the other person to die.
Carrie Fisher - There is no point at which you can say, 'Well, I'm successful now. I might as well take a nap.'
Carrie Fisher - I was street smart, but unfortunately the street was Rodeo Drive.
Carrie Fisher - You can't find any true closeness in Hollywood, because everybody does the fake closeness so well.
Carrie Fisher - As you get older, the pickings get slimmer, but the people don't.
Carrie Fisher - I don't want to be a victim.
Carrie Fisher - I am a very discreet human when it comes to other people.
Carrie Fisher - Everything is negotiable. Whether or not the negotiation is easy is another thing.
Carrie Fisher - I'm very sane about how crazy I am.
Carrie Underwood - Every day is a new day, and you'll never be able to find happiness if you don't move on.
Carrie Underwood - My cell phone is my best friend. It's my lifeline to the outside world.
Carrie Underwood - Throw caution to the wind and just do it.
Carrie Underwood - My very first magazine cover was the National Enquirer.
Carrie Underwood - It's nice to know you have support. Last night I got a marriage proposal. I just laughed.
Carrie Underwood - Being a part of SKECHERS is exciting. It is such a hip company with a great attitude and image.
Carrie Underwood - There's not ever much of anything going on in my head.
Carrie Underwood - I like to dance around the house when I'm getting ready. It gets my day going.
Carrie Underwood - Sometimes a girl's gotta have some chocolate!
Carrie Underwood - I have no attention span. I get bored so fast.
Carroll Shelby - I've always been asked, 'What is my favorite car?' and I've always said 'The next one.'
Carroll Shelby - I don't think I'm a celebrity. I'm just a guy from east Texas who loves cars and airplanes.
Carroll Shelby - It's a massive motor in a tiny, lightweight car.
Carroll Shelby - Porsche and BMW drivers are arrogant.
Carroll Shelby - What I wanted to do was build an automobile.
Carroll Shelby - I had a lot of fun driving race cars, but it wasn't my No. 1 priority.
Carroll Shelby - Every morning I wake up with new ideas.
Carroll Shelby - I never made a damn dime until I started doing what I wanted.
Carroll Shelby - I love horsepower.
Carroll Shelby - I've had a good run. I've built a lot of things that work and a lot of things that didn't work.
Carson Wentz - I'm a very motivated person. I don't need extra motivation.
Carson Wentz - I hate losing, and I'm gonna do whatever it takes to be the best at whatever it is I'm doing.
Carson Wentz - You just control what you can control and just hopefully go win games and keep getting better.
Carson Wentz - I know we're not going undefeated. I know I'm not going to throw a touchdown every game.
Carson Wentz - Every down is important.
Carson Wentz - I don't get nervous.
Carson Wentz - I enjoy creating relationships with my teammates, my friends, and I genuinely care about people.
Carson Wentz - I view every day just as an opportunity.
Carson Wentz - Timing and accuracy is really what matters at the end of the day.
Carson Wentz - I feel like I've earned respect with how I go about my business, how I carry myself.
Carter G. Woodson - When you control a man's thinking you do not have to worry about his actions.
Carter G. Woodson - I am not afraid of being sued by white businessmen. In fact, I should welcome such a law suit.
Carter G. Woodson - Let us banish fear.
Carter G. Woodson - I am a radical.
Carter G. Woodson - I am ready to act, if I can find brave men to help me.
Carter G. Woodson - The mere imparting of information is not education.
Carter G. Woodson - Even schools for Negroes, then, are places where they must be convinced of their inferiority.
Carter G. Woodson - Our most widely known scholars have been trained in universities outside of the South.
Carter G. Woodson - One can cite cases of Negroes who opposed emancipation and denounced the abolitionists.
Carter G. Woodson - In fact, the confidence of the people is worth more than money.
Cary Fukunaga - I think the semantics of mini-series for a network is that it has an end.
Cary Fukunaga - I do want to direct a movie from horseback one day.
Cary Fukunaga - My mom loved the old black-and-white films.
Cary Fukunaga - You work with the communities to make films. And you just don't go in and take over their territory.
Cary Fukunaga - I don't really put trophies out. I don't keep trophies around my apartment.
Cary Fukunaga - My ideas tend to be either really big in terms of like, the logistics, or really small.
Cary Fukunaga - I'm definitely sensitive to the idea of exploitation. You don't want to glamorize certain things.
Cary Fukunaga - 'True Detective' would not pass The Bechdel Test.
Cary Fukunaga - I didn't grow up watching detective shows. I've never even seen an episode of 'CSI.'
Cary Fukunaga - After 'Sin Nombre,' I just needed to take a break to go to completely different worlds.
Casey Kasem - Keep your feet on the ground and keep reaching for the stars.
Casey Kasem - Always be consistent.
Casey Kasem - My agent said that I was one of the top three busiest people in the country.
Casey Kasem - If the beat gets to the audience, and the message touches them, you've got a hit.
Casey Kasem - But otherwise, music is about a beat and a message.
Casey Kasem - Anytime in radio that you can reach somebody on an emotional level, you're really connecting.
Casey Kasem - My first commercial was for Miller High Life beer.
Casey Kasem - Interestingly, songs used to be short, then they became longer, and now they're getting shorter.
Casey Kasem - I must have done about 25,000 promos.
Casey Kasem - I like the storytelling and reading the letters, the long-distance dedications.
Casey Neistat - I always thought of myself as an amateur stunt man.
Casey Neistat - Persistence and endurance will make you omnipotent.
Casey Neistat - Truth is so much more interesting than the fiction we're used to.
Casey Neistat - Almost everything looks the same at art fairs - very hygienic, very white, lots of right angles.
Casey Neistat - As a viewer, I care about people, I care about characters, I care about perspective.
Casey Neistat - I don't know of a more noble, a bigger deal as a filmmaker than to be a YouTube filmmaker.
Casey Neistat - I washed dishes so I could make movies. it was never a way for me to make money.
Casey Neistat - I grew up in the Northeast; I've seen hurricanes before and trees down and cars destroyed.
Casey Neistat - I don't drink much soda; I don't buy Big Gulps, and my body mass index is right where it should be.
Casey Neistat - Troubleshooting a wiring problem is a soul-killing experience.
Casey Stengel - Finding good players is easy. Getting them to play as a team is another story.
Casey Stengel - The trick is growing up without growing old.
Casey Stengel - Most ball games are lost, not won.
Casey Stengel - No baseball pitcher would be worth a darn without a catcher who could handle the hot fastball.
Casey Stengel - Been in this game one-hundred years, but I see new ways to lose 'em I never knew existed before.
Casey Stengel - You gotta lose 'em some of the time. When you do, lose 'em right.
Casey Stengel - You have to have a catcher because if you don't you're likely to have a lot of passed balls.
Casey Stengel - Without losers, where would the winners be?
Casey Stengel - The Mets have shown me more ways to lose than I even knew existed.
Casey Stengel - The team has come along slow but fast.
Casey Wilson - When you're on a road trip, anything goes.
Casey Wilson - You only feel as good as your last sketch.
Casey Wilson - Frankly, 'Bride Wars' got made because movies with women need to be about weddings and love.
Casey Wilson - My mom worked tirelessly on getting equal rights for women.
Casey Wilson - Kenya Moore is everything to me. She's everything.
Casey Wilson - I use a method approach to all my sitcom work.
Casey Wilson - If you can have a laugh with someone, you're then in each other's world.
Casey Wilson - If you have a sense of your place in the world, that's the best preparation for anything.
Casey Wilson - I can never turn my creativity off.
Casey Wilson - I'll take discrimination if it's in my favor!
Cass Sunstein - I think that every state in the union should recognize same-sex marriage.
Cass Sunstein - There is no proportional representation requirement in the Equal Protection Clause.
Cass Sunstein - I am a huge Red Sox fan.
Cass Sunstein - Liberals are sometimes defined as people who can't take their own side in an argument.
Cass Sunstein - It's hard to get me out of the office.
Cass Sunstein - If there's a regulation that's saving 10,000 lives and costing one job, it's worth it.
Cass Sunstein - For consumers, the lesson is simple: Genetically modified foods are safe to eat.
Cass Sunstein - I confess I'm a big fan of Taylor Swift.
Cass Sunstein - In government, you're not a writer, you're an administrator.
Cass Sunstein - I'm interested in how the Internet spreads information.
Cat Stevens - Everything I do is for the pleasure of Allah.
Cat Stevens - The very first lesson that I learnt from the Qur'an was the message of unity and peace.
Cat Stevens - A person who steals bread during a famine is not treated as a thief.
Cat Stevens - All things can be forgiven if we can progress.
Cat Stevens - To be what you want to be, you must give up being what you are.
Cat Stevens - There is a powerful need for people to feel that gust of hope rise up again.
Cat Stevens - Some extremists take elements of the sacred scriptures out of context.
Cat Stevens - Communal well-being is central to human life.
Cat Stevens - They have hijacked my religion.
Cat Stevens - The words of the songs speak for themselves.
Cate Blanchett - I'm so misunderstood!
Cate Blanchett - I'm really lazy!
Cate Blanchett - When I have my moments of insomnia, you'll find me on style.com.
Cate Blanchett - For me, I think the bigger something is, the more difficult it is to make it nimble and fleet afoot.
Cate Blanchett - My everyday beauty routine is always rushed and pretty simple.
Cate Blanchett - I believe that a creative career is only as good as the risks that you take with it.
Cate Blanchett - I'm scared of actors with a scheme.
Cate Blanchett - An actress once advised me, 'Make sure you do your own laundry - it will keep you honest.'
Cate Blanchett - I'm one of those strange beasts who really likes a corset.
Cate Blanchett - When you're directing something, you absolutely have to be involved in all layers of the process.
Catherine the Great - I praise loudly. I blame softly.
Catherine the Great - Power without a nation's confidence is nothing.
Catherine the Great - I am one of the people who love the why of things.
Catherine the Great - A great wind is blowing, and that gives you either imagination or a headache.
Catherine the Great - All this is only for the mice and myself to admire!
Catherine the Great - I beg you take courage; the brave soul can mend even disaster.
Catherine the Great - I like to praise and reward loudly, to blame quietly.
Catherine the Great - I shall be an autocrat: that's my trade. And the good Lord will forgive me: that's his.
Catherine the Great - In politics a capable ruler must be guided by circumstances, conjectures and conjunctions.
Catherine the Great - Men make love more intensely at 20, but make love better, however, at 30.
Catherine Zeta-Jones - I get a bit gloomy when it's gloomy.
Catherine Zeta-Jones - Everyone knows we get paid a lot of money, so why pretend otherwise?
Catherine Zeta-Jones - I'd love to do a show in Vegas with drag queens. The tackier the better.
Catherine Zeta-Jones - Yes, I was in love with my husband at first sight and still am. We have the most solid relationship.
Catherine Zeta-Jones - My stepson is a caring, considerate, worthy human being.
Catherine Zeta-Jones - I do a lot of swimming, both in the ocean and in the pool.
Catherine Zeta-Jones - Words impress me. If a man can speak eloquently and beautifully to me, I just melt on the floor.
Catherine Zeta-Jones - I love my lawyer. I have to say that of course!
Catherine Zeta-Jones - There are a lot of women who live with pot-bellied pigs.
Catherine Zeta-Jones - I buy shoes sometimes and use them as bookends. They're too beautiful to wear.
Cathy Freeman - You got to try and reach for the stars or try and achieve the unreachable.
Cathy Freeman - When I'm in a bad mood, I don't listen.
Cathy Freeman - Money makes life easier but I don't want to be rich, not at all.
Cathy Freeman - I'm so lucky. I have such a great support system. All I have to do is run.
Cathy Freeman - I make no apologies.
Cathy Freeman - Peace, unity and harmony!
Cathy Freeman - The thing I do best is laugh.
Cathy Freeman - I definitely do things on my terms, it may not seem that way but I actually do.
Cathy Freeman - People could see in me who I am now, an Olympic champ, the best in the world.
Cathy Freeman - I was always surrounded by expectation from the very first race I ran as a 5-year-old.
CeeLo Green - It's hard to write a song about reality because reality doesn't rhyme.
CeeLo Green - Women are our most miraculous muse, an enchanted intangibility that encourages all art.
CeeLo Green - I tend to like antique things. Something can be old, but it can be timeless.
CeeLo Green - Like most artists, I live out of a suitcase.
CeeLo Green - I think I'll always be famous. I just hope I don't become infamous.
CeeLo Green - I hate hateful people.
CeeLo Green - I'm an artist, and I like the risk - I'm not in it for the sure things.
CeeLo Green - I cry all the time. Music makes me cry.
CeeLo Green - I may sample at Pinkberry, but when I find a flavor I like, I'm pretty committed to it.
CeeLo Green - I have a hell-fire temper.
Celine Dion - I don't know if the camera likes me, but I do like the camera.
Celine Dion - Everything that I decide to do means something, otherwise I don't do them.
Celine Dion - I've never been cool - and I don't care.
Celine Dion - My kids give me the balance to live right.
Celine Dion - I want to be more successful as a mother than I am in show business.
Celine Dion - I have become a housewife and there is no better job.
Celine Dion - I often buy myself presents. Sometimes I will spend $100,000 in one day in a posh boutique.
Celine Dion - I love to sing and perform. It is what I do and love. It completes my life.
Celine Dion - I definitely would never go back to my 20s. The best is yet to come.
Celine Dion - I was not a good-lookin' girl. I was extremely skinny. I wasn't pretty. I wasn't cool.
Cesar Chavez - The fight is never about grapes or lettuce. It is always about people.
Cesar Chavez - We draw our strength from the very despair in which we have been forced to live. We shall endure.
Cesar Chavez - You are never strong enough that you don't need help.
Cesar Chavez - In some cases non-violence requires more militancy than violence.
Cesar Chavez - There is no such thing as defeat in non-violence.
Cesar Chavez - Preservation of one's own culture does not require contempt or disrespect for other cultures.
Cesar Chavez - The end of all knowledge should be service to others.
Cesar Chavez - To be a man is to suffer for others. God help us to be men!
Cesar Chavez - There is no law for farm labor organizing, save the law of the jungle.
Cesar Chavez - If you want to remember me, organize!
Cesar Millan - Just being with dogs, I learned their ways and began to appreciate things from their point of view.
Cesar Millan - People say I train dogs, but in many ways I train people.
Cesar Millan - I have never met a dog I couldn't help; however, I have met humans who weren't willing to change.
Cesar Millan - America focuses on being very intelligent because that's how you make more money.
Cesar Millan - It's an up and down thing, the human goals, because the human is always an explorer, an adventurist.
Cesar Millan - I believe a calm dog is a happy, obedient dog that won't get into trouble.
Cesar Millan - No dog is too much for me to handle. I rehabilitate dogs, I train people. I am the dog whisperer.
Cesar Millan - I wish my kid would act like my dog sometimes. My dog listens to me and does what I tell him to do.
Cesar Millan - I'm naturally a loud person. It can be a bit overpowering.
Cesar Millan - Children are becoming disobedient... why, because of the lack of rules boundaries and limitations.
Cesare Pavese - We do not remember days, we remember moments.
Cesare Pavese - Life is pain and the enjoyment of love is an anesthetic.
Cesare Pavese - No one ever lacks a good reason for suicide.
Cesare Pavese - Give me the ready hand rather than the ready tongue.
Cesare Pavese - One must look for one thing only, to find many.
Cesare Pavese - The only joy in the world is to begin.
Cesare Pavese - The art of living is the art of knowing how to believe lies.
Cesare Pavese - The closing years of life are like the end of a masquerade party, when the masks are dropped.
Cesare Pavese - He knows not his own strength that hath not met adversity.
Cesare Pavese - Love is the cheapest of religions.
Channing Tatum - Life is too short to miss out on the beautiful things like a double cheeseburger.
Channing Tatum - I used to work at a puppy nursery.
Channing Tatum - But I'm not a tough guy or a street fighter for real. I'm just an actor.
Channing Tatum - That's something I do, like, all the time. I just do backflips off things.
Channing Tatum - I'm thankful for weird people out there 'cause they're some of the most creative people.
Channing Tatum - Actually I have a tradition that I always steal my last costume on the last day of filming.
Channing Tatum - My mother taught me how to love. My mom is the most loving person I know.
Channing Tatum - I did 'The Vow' because I really love being in love.
Channing Tatum - Girls were always my biggest distraction in school.
Channing Tatum - No one's calling me for lawyer roles. I still have a lot to do to prove myself.
Charlaine Harris - If I quit having fun, then it's time for me to quit working.
Charlaine Harris - I believe if you write a great book, the chances are it'll get a great reception.
Charlaine Harris - Silver, gold - I don't discriminate! I like sparkly things.
Charlaine Harris - People are really interested in the concept of eternal youth in this plastic-surgery culture.
Charlaine Harris - If it pleases you and you can write at all, it's gonna please somebody else.
Charlaine Harris - I don't write the kind of 'happily ever after' that romance readers enjoy.
Charlaine Harris - I certainly think we're going to see more and more graphic novels and more illustrated novels.
Charlaine Harris - I like the cerebral process.
Charlaine Harris - Very few of my characters are totally heroic or totally villainous.
Charlaine Harris - Episcopalians are pretty thin on the ground in the central United States.
Charles B. Rangel - A quality education grants us the ability to fight the war on ignorance and poverty.
Charles B. Rangel - Encouragement of higher education for our youth is critical to the success of our collective future.
Charles B. Rangel - We don't windsurf in Harlem.
Charles B. Rangel - The Iraq war took priority over domestic disaster prevention.
Charles B. Rangel - No one looks forward to a recount.
Charles B. Rangel - Supporting mental wellness is crucial to any goal of decreasing gun violence in America.
Charles B. Rangel - America was born as a nation of immigrants who have always contributed to its greatness.
Charles B. Rangel - We can't have Harlem become one borough for the rich.
Charles B. Rangel - I am struck by how casually we as a nation react to the carnage in Iraq.
Charles B. Rangel - The United States is historically a nation of immigrants.
Charles Barkley - Sometimes that light at the end of the tunnel is a train.
Charles Barkley - The main thing to do is relax and let your talent do the work.
Charles Barkley - I'm not a role model... Just because I dunk a basketball doesn't mean I should raise your kids.
Charles Barkley - Somebody hits me, I'm going to hit him back. Even if it does look like he hasn't eaten in a while.
Charles Barkley - You know it's going to hell when the best rapper out there is white and the best golfer is black.
Charles Barkley - I think that the team that wins game five will win the series. Unless we lose game five.
Charles Barkley - The only difference between a good shot and a bad shot is if it goes in or not.
Charles Barkley - I don't think of myself as giving interviews. I just have conversations. That gets me in trouble.
Charles Barkley - I don't know what that gas is made of, but it can't smell any worse than Ernie Johnson 's gym bag.
Charles Barkley - Just because you say something doesn't make it controversial, and it doesn't make you a bad person.
Charles Baudelaire - The world only goes round by misunderstanding.
Charles Baudelaire - To handle a language skillfully is to practice a kind of evocative sorcery.
Charles Baudelaire - Progress, this great heresy of decay.
Charles Baudelaire - The poet enjoys the incomparable privilege of being able to be himself and others, as he wishes.
Charles Baudelaire - Any healthy man can go without food for two days - but not without poetry.
Charles Baudelaire - There are as many kinds of beauty as there are habitual ways of seeking happiness.
Charles Baudelaire - Nothing can be done except little by little.
Charles Baudelaire - Hypocrite reader my fellow my brother!
Charles Baudelaire - I have cultivated my hysteria with pleasure and terror.
Charles Baudelaire - Nature... is nothing but the inner voice of self-interest.
Charles Bukowski - Some people never go crazy, What truly horrible lives they must live.
Charles Bukowski - If you're losing your soul and you know it, then you've still got a soul left to lose.
Charles Bukowski - If you want to know who your friends are, get yourself a jail sentence.
Charles Bukowski - Bad taste creates many more millionaires than good taste.
Charles Bukowski - To do a dull thing with style-now that's what I call art.
Charles Bukowski - A cat is only itself, representative of the strong forces of life that won't let go.
Charles Bukowski - Humanity, you never had it to begin with.
Charles Bukowski - It's possible to love a human being if you don't know them too well.
Charles Bukowski - Joan of Arc had style. Jesus had style.
Charles Bukowski - Never envy a man his lady. Behind it all lays a living hell.
Charles Caleb Colton - True friendship is like sound health; the value of it is seldom known until it is lost.
Charles Caleb Colton - The study of mathematics, like the Nile, begins in minuteness but ends in magnificence.
Charles Caleb Colton - Friendship, of itself a holy tie, is made more sacred by adversity.
Charles Caleb Colton - Friendship often ends in love; but love in friendship - never.
Charles Caleb Colton - Patience is the support of weakness; impatience the ruin of strength.
Charles Caleb Colton - Next to acquiring good friends, the best acquisition is that of good books.
Charles Caleb Colton - Imitation is the sincerest form of flattery.
Charles Caleb Colton - Men's arguments often prove nothing but their wishes.
Charles Caleb Colton - The present time has one advantage over every other - it is our own.
Charles Caleb Colton - Did universal charity prevail, earth would be a heaven, and hell a fable.
Charles Darwin - A man's friendships are one of the best measures of his worth.
Charles Darwin - A man who dares to waste one hour of time has not discovered the value of life.
Charles Darwin - The very essence of instinct is that it's followed independently of reason.
Charles Darwin - How paramount the future is to the present when one is surrounded by children.
Charles Darwin - I love fools' experiments. I am always making them.
Charles Darwin - Man is descended from a hairy, tailed quadruped, probably arboreal in its habits.
Charles Darwin - Man tends to increase at a greater rate than his means of subsistence.
Charles Darwin - It is a cursed evil to any man to become as absorbed in any subject as I am in mine.
Charles Darwin - Animals, whom we have made our slaves, we do not like to consider our equal.
Charles Darwin - I have tried lately to read Shakespeare, and found it so intolerably dull that it nauseated me.
Charles de Gaulle - Greatness is a road leading towards the unknown.
Charles de Gaulle - Since a politician never believes what he says, he is quite surprised to be taken at his word.
Charles de Gaulle - France cannot be France without greatness.
Charles de Gaulle - How can anyone govern a nation that has two hundred and forty-six different kinds of cheese?
Charles de Gaulle - To govern is always to choose among disadvantages.
Charles de Gaulle - Treaties are like roses and young girls. They last while they last.
Charles de Gaulle - The great leaders have always stage-managed their effects.
Charles de Gaulle - I respect only those who resist me, but I cannot tolerate them.
Charles de Gaulle - Deliberation is the work of many men. Action, of one alone.
Charles de Gaulle - No country without an atom bomb could properly consider itself independent.
Charles de Montesquieu - The less men think, the more they talk.
Charles de Montesquieu - In most things success depends on knowing how long it takes to succeed.
Charles de Montesquieu - Friendship is an arrangement by which we undertake to exchange small favors for big ones.
Charles de Montesquieu - No kingdom has shed more blood than the kingdom of Christ.
Charles de Montesquieu - I have always observed that to succeed in the world one should seem a fool, but be wise.
Charles de Montesquieu - If triangles had a god, they would give him three sides.
Charles de Montesquieu - Lunch kills half of Paris, supper the other half.
Charles de Montesquieu - Luxury ruins republics; poverty, monarchies.
Charles de Montesquieu - There should be weeping at a man's birth, not at his death.
Charles de Montesquieu - I have never known any distress that an hour's reading did not relieve.
Charles Duhigg - Habits are malleable throughout your entire life.
Charles Duhigg - The more you focus, the more that focus becomes a habit.
Charles Duhigg - Once you break a habit into its components, you can fiddle with the gears.
Charles Duhigg - In a sense, habits never really disappear. Once formed, they always remain in our neurology.
Charles Duhigg - Consumer habits are key to understanding how to launch a product.
Charles Duhigg - Between calculated risk and reckless decision-making lies the dividing line between profit and loss.
Charles Duhigg - Since the 17th century, insurance agents have been the foremost experts on risk.
Charles Duhigg - If Freddie Mac is unable to raise capital, it could spark a political and financial crisis.
Charles Duhigg - There are supply chains that exist in China and Asia now which the U.S. simply can't replicate.
Charles Duhigg - America is the Saudi Arabia of coal.
Charles Kennedy - Westminster is a jungle - and the hunter can always smell fear on its prey.
Charles Kennedy - The one thing we can all be sure about in politics is you are as well to expect the unexpected.
Charles Kennedy - Courage is a peculiar kind of fear.
Charles Kennedy - I'm a fully paid-up member of the human race.
Charles Kennedy - Actually, I think it's quite sensible not to take yourself too seriously.
Charles Kennedy - I'm not someone who dwells upon past events, taking the view that life is too short.
Charles Kennedy - My health is good and it's up to me to keep it that way.
Charles Kennedy - With 24-hour news... the story moves on with the media.
Charles Kennedy - I am genuinely not an over-the-top kind of person about politics or anything else.
Charles Kennedy - I will go out of this world feet first with my Lib Dem membership card in my pocket.
Charles Kettering - You can't have a better tomorrow if you are thinking about yesterday all the time.
Charles Kettering - High achievement always takes place in the framework of high expectation.
Charles Kettering - No one would have crossed the ocean if he could have gotten off the ship in the storm.
Charles Kettering - The Wright brothers flew right through the smoke screen of impossibility.
Charles Kettering - My interest is in the future because I am going to spend the rest of my life there.
Charles Kettering - If you want to kill any idea in the world, get a committee working on it.
Charles Kettering - Every time you tear a leaf off a calendar, you present a new place for new ideas and progress.
Charles Kettering - A problem well stated is a problem half-solved.
Charles Kettering - An inventor is simply a fellow who doesn't take his education too seriously.
Charles Kettering - One fails forward toward success.
Charles Kingsley - He was one of those men who possess almost every gift, except the gift of the power to use them.
Charles Kingsley - All we need to make us really happy is something to be enthusiastic about.
Charles Kingsley - Feelings are like chemicals, the more you analyze them the worse they smell.
Charles Kingsley - Pain is no evil, unless it conquers us.
Charles Kingsley - Do noble things, not dream them all day long.
Charles Kingsley - Have thy tools ready. God will find thee work.
Charles Kingsley - Young blood must have its course, lad, and every dog its day.
Charles Kingsley - Be good, sweet maid, and let who will be clever.
Charles Kingsley - There's no use doing a kindness if you do it a day too late.
Charles Kingsley - Except a living man, there is nothing more wonderful than a book.
Charles Kuralt - The love of family and the admiration of friends is much more important than wealth and privilege.
Charles Kuralt - Good teachers know how to bring out the best in students.
Charles Kuralt - You can find your way across this country using burger joints the way a navigator uses stars.
Charles Kuralt - The everyday kindness of the back roads more than makes up for the acts of greed in the headlines.
Charles Kuralt - I used to think that driving, sleepless, ambitious labor was what you needed to succeed.
Charles Kuralt - We always take credit for the good and attribute the bad to fortune.
Charles Kuralt - I believe that writing is derivative. I think good writing comes from good reading.
Charles Kuralt - Just by luck, I picked good heroes to worship.
Charles Kuralt - Look for joy in your life; it's not always easy to find.
Charles Kuralt - There is such a thing as a national conscience, and it can be touched.
Charles Lamb - My motto is: Contented with little, yet wishing for more.
Charles Lamb - I always arrive late at the office, but I make up for it by leaving early.
Charles Lamb - Here cometh April again, and as far as I can see the world hath more fools in it than ever.
Charles Lamb - Tis the privilege of friendship to talk nonsense, and have her nonsense respected.
Charles Lamb - Man is a gaming animal. He must always be trying to get the better in something or other.
Charles Lamb - Let us live for the beauty of our own reality.
Charles Lamb - The beggar wears all colors fearing none.
Charles Lamb - Lawyers, I suppose, were children once.
Charles Lamb - Nothing puzzles me more than the time and space; and yet nothing troubles me less.
Charles Lamb - Pain is life - the sharper, the more evidence of life.
Charles Lindbergh - If I had to choose, I would rather have birds than airplanes.
Charles Lindbergh - I realized that If I had to choose, I would rather have birds than airplanes.
Charles Lindbergh - Living in dreams of yesterday, we find ourselves still dreaming of impossible future conquests.
Charles Lindbergh - Isn't it strange that we talk least about the things we think about most?
Charles Lindbergh - Real freedom lies in wildness, not in civilization.
Charles Lindbergh - We must learn from the sermons of Christ, the wisdom of Laotzu, the teachings of Buddha.
Charles Lindbergh - Time is no longer endless or the horizon destitute of hope.
Charles Lindbergh - Is he alone who has courage on his right hand and faith on his left hand?
Charles Lindbergh - Flying a good airplane doesn't require near as much attention as a motor car.
Charles Lindbergh - I've had enough publicity for 15 lives.
Charles M. Schulz - All you need is love. But a little chocolate now and then doesn't hurt.
Charles M. Schulz - Life is like a ten speed bicycle. Most of us have gears we never use.
Charles M. Schulz - Don't worry about the world coming to an end today. It is already tomorrow in Australia.
Charles M. Schulz - No problem is too big to run away from.
Charles M. Schulz - I love mankind; it's people I can't stand.
Charles M. Schulz - Big sisters are the crab grass in the lawn of life.
Charles M. Schulz - Nothing takes the taste out of peanut butter quite like unrequited love.
Charles M. Schulz - I think I've discovered the secret of life - you just hang around until you get used to it.
Charles M. Schulz - Decorate your home. It gives the illusion that your life is more interesting than it really is.
Charles M. Schulz - That's the secret to life... replace one worry with another.
Charles Maurice de Talleyrand - Black as the devil, hot as hell, pure as an angel, sweet as love.
Charles Maurice de Talleyrand - I am more afraid of an army of 100 sheep led by a lion than an army of 100 lions led by a sheep.
Charles Maurice de Talleyrand - Speech was given to man to disguise his thoughts.
Charles Maurice de Talleyrand - Love of glory can only create a great hero; contempt of glory creates a great man.
Charles Maurice de Talleyrand - The art of statesmanship is to foresee the inevitable and to expedite its occurrence.
Charles Maurice de Talleyrand - If we go on explaining we shall cease to understand one another.
Charles Maurice de Talleyrand - Without freedom of the press, there can be no representative government.
Charles Maurice de Talleyrand - A court is an assembly of noble and distinguished beggars.
Charles Maurice de Talleyrand - Mistrust first impulses; they are nearly always good.
Charles Maurice de Talleyrand - Too much sensibility creates unhappiness and too much insensibility creates crime.
Charles Stanley - On Sunday morning, I'm not nervous... I can't wait to tell what God wants me to say.
Charles Stanley - The bottom line in the Christian life is obedience and most people don't even like the word.
Charles Stanley - Take steps each day to be sure your life expresses commitment to Jesus.
Charles Stanley - God's voice is still and quiet and easily buried under an avalanche of clamour.
Charles Stanley - His voice leads us not into timid discipleship but into bold witness.
Charles Stanley - He wants you all to Himself to put His loving, divine arms around you.
Charles Stanley - When God speaks, oftentimes His voice will call for an act of courage on our part.
Charles Stanley - God will never reject you. Whether you accept Him is your decision.
Charles Stanley - God will never tell us to do something that gratifies the flesh.
Charles Stanley - When trouble comes, focus on God's ability to care for you.
Charli XCX - I'm not good at dressing up fancy; I always just do my thing, which is whatever I'm in the mood for.
Charli XCX - The second someone tries to put me in a box, I will do everything to rebel against that.
Charli XCX - Being nice is awesome. You have more fun; you meet more people.
Charli XCX - I think big brows are pretty cool.
Charli XCX - Anyone that thinks 'pop' is a dirty word is living in the '90s.
Charli XCX - To be honest, my usual makeup is the same as in my music video looks.
Charli XCX - I've been really inspired by Paris Hilton, small dogs, and a glitter, luxe lifestyle.
Charli XCX - I'm a really big Rihanna fan, and I think she's such an incredible artist.
Charli XCX - I love In-N-Out!
Charli XCX - The scenes in 'The Virgin Suicides' where Elle Fanning is ice skating are really amazing.
Charlie Chaplin - A day without laughter is a day wasted.
Charlie Chaplin - A tramp, a gentleman, a poet, a dreamer, a lonely fellow, always hopeful of romance and adventure.
Charlie Chaplin - To truly laugh, you must be able to take your pain, and play with it!
Charlie Chaplin - A man's true character comes out when he's drunk.
Charlie Chaplin - Nothing is permanent in this wicked world - not even our troubles.
Charlie Chaplin - Laughter is the tonic, the relief, the surcease for pain.
Charlie Chaplin - All I need to make a comedy is a park, a policeman and a pretty girl.
Charlie Chaplin - We think too much and feel too little.
Charlie Chaplin - What do you want a meaning for? Life is a desire, not a meaning.
Charlie Chaplin - Life could be wonderful if people would leave you alone.
Charlie Puth - I didn't start singing until I was 16. I was afraid to sing in front of people.
Charlie Puth - I'm always inspired by people who have really cool Twitter profiles.
Charlie Puth - It's very easy for people to put out music.
Charlie Puth - I listened to a lot of Marvin Gaye and Motown records.
Charlie Puth - I skipped class a lot.
Charlie Puth - A lot of people don't know, but New Jersey has, like, 700,000 acres of farmland.
Charlie Puth - I'm a huge Marvin Gaye fan.
Charlie Puth - If a girl sings a sexy song, I actually become even more attracted to them.
Charlie Puth - I'm a homebody times ten.
Charlie Puth - When Marvin Gaye made his music, he evoked this feeling that would reach everybody.
Charlie Sheen - Boom, crush. Night, losers. Winning, duh.
Charlie Sheen - I'm tired of ignoring that I march to a different beat.
Charlie Sheen - I have to tell them that last night was a shameful train wreck filled with blind cuddly puppies.
Charlie Sheen - I so desperately wanted to be Mr. Somebody. Instead, I was the little brother, included to a point.
Charlie Sheen - I have one speed, I have one gear: go!
Charlie Sheen - I'm bi-winning. I win here, I win there.
Charlie Sheen - I just didn't believe I was like everybody else. I thought I was unique.
Charlie Sheen - I still don't have all the answers. I'm more interested in what I can do next than what I did last.
Charlie Sheen - There have to be more important things going on in the world than my past.
Charlie Sheen - I am on a drug. It's called Charlie Sheen.
Charlize Theron - You know, I don't think any mother aims to be a single mom. I didn't wish for that, but it happened.
Charlize Theron - If they ever do my life story, whoever plays me needs lots of hair color and high heels.
Charlize Theron - I am human, and, yeah, I have very bad days.
Charlize Theron - I'd love to get pajamas. Good, nice and warm flannel ones.
Charlize Theron - I think of myself as a highly sexual creature.
Charlize Theron - Hey, I'm a girl, and we like to play dress-up.
Charlize Theron - I mean I tried to transform myself through characters throughout my career.
Charlize Theron - I think in life we want to challenge ourselves.
Charlize Theron - I think today women are very scared to celebrate themselves, because then they just get labeled.
Charlize Theron - You are only as great as the opportunities that are given to you.
Charlotte Bronte - I am no bird; and no net ensnares me; I am a free human being with an independent will.
Charlotte Bronte - I try to avoid looking forward or backward, and try to keep looking upward.
Charlotte Bronte - Life is so constructed, that the event does not, cannot, will not, match the expectation.
Charlotte Bronte - True enthusiasm is a fine feeling whose flash I admire where-ever I see it.
Charlotte Bronte - Let your performance do the thinking.
Charlotte Bronte - If you are cast in a different mould to the majority, it is no merit of yours: Nature did it.
Charlotte Bronte - There is only one difference between a madman and me. I am not mad.
Charlotte Bronte - A ruffled mind makes a restless pillow.
Charlotte Bronte - I feel monotony and death to be almost the same.
Charlotte Bronte - Better to be without logic than without feeling.
Charlotte Dujardin - I want to get up and ride my horses, do what I love doing. I don't want to be recognised.
Charlotte Dujardin - Every horse I get on I can adapt to. It's like a jigsaw puzzle.
Charlotte Dujardin - I love having horses from a young age and seeing how far they can go.
Charlotte Dujardin - I never set goals.
Charlotte Dujardin - All you can do is to do your best.
Charlotte Dujardin - You need to believe in yourself.
Charlotte Dujardin - I'm really lucky that I can control my nerves; it doesn't seem to get to me.
Charlotte Dujardin - People recognise me now. I've got so much fan mail.
Charlotte Dujardin - People tell me I'm their idol and a huge inspiration - that's really surreal.
Charlotte Dujardin - I literally worked from the bottom up to where I am now.
Che Guevara - The revolution is not an apple that falls when it is ripe. You have to make it fall.
Che Guevara - I have a wish. It as a fear as well - that in my end will be my beginning.
Che Guevara - Silence is argument carried out by other means.
Che Guevara - The only passion that guides me is for the truth... I look at everything from this point of view.
Che Guevara - We cannot be sure of having something to live for unless we are willing to die for it.
Che Guevara - I know you are here to kill me. Shoot, coward, you are only going to kill a man.
Che Guevara - Remember that the revolution is what is important, and each one of us, alone, is worth nothing.
Che Guevara - Study hard so that you can master technology, which allows us to master nature.
Che Guevara - If you tremble with indignation at every injustice, then you are a comrade of mine.
Che Guevara - Cruel leaders are replaced only to have new leaders turn cruel.
Cheech Marin - The reason we're so dangerous is because we're totally harmless.
Cheech Marin - Yeah, I'm the go-to guy for Mexican priests.
Cheech Marin - I love voice work.
Cheech Marin - Mexicans are quasi-legal.
Cheech Marin - Of all the plays in baseball, stealing home is by far the most exciting.
Cheech Marin - You have to want to be Chicano to be Chicano.
Cheech Marin - Well, sometimes you need the fields to lie fallow in order to gain nutrients.
Cheech Marin - Every kid that goes to Catholic school believes he's going to be a priest one day.
Cheech Marin - Loyalty and communication are always rewarded in sports.
Cheech Marin - As a kid, I used to go to the library and take out all the art books.
Chelsea Clinton - Determination gets you a long way.
Chelsea Clinton - For most of my life, I did deliberately lead a private life and inadvertently led a public life.
Chelsea Clinton - People recognize me. Most people are really nice. Sometimes people say, 'Hi, Chelsea.'
Chelsea Clinton - I definitely taught my parents how to text and how to charge their phones.
Chelsea Clinton - We need Hollywood to make movies and television shows about sexy female engineers.
Chelsea Clinton - My mother is very good in Scrabble. In Boggle, my father is probably better.
Chelsea Clinton - I have a boyfriend and a dog, and I still haven't figured out what I want to be when I grow up.
Chelsea Clinton - Every day at some point I encounter some sort of anti-American feeling.
Chelsea Clinton - I hope to make a positive, productive contribution, as cheesy as that may sound.
Chelsea Clinton - I'm really grateful I grew up in a house in which media literacy was a survival skill.
Chelsea Handler - The love that comes from friendship is the underlying facet of a happy life.
Chelsea Handler - You can't fast-forward heartbreak, and you can't rewind love - and that's just one big bummer.
Chelsea Handler - I'm very much about letting other people shine, because it makes us all shine brighter.
Chelsea Handler - We women have to stick together.
Chelsea Handler - I love a stupid joke, something that doesn't make any sense.
Chelsea Handler - I don't think I'm a good host. I'm not a good host. I'm terrible at hosting. That's my problem.
Chelsea Handler - Have you ever been sued by a midget? It's not fun.
Chelsea Handler - Jews are underdogs - not in my world, obviously, they're not.
Chelsea Handler - I think nudity is funny, especially when it's inappropriate.
Chelsea Handler - Jennifer Aniston is one of the most down-to-earth, low-key people I know.
Cher - If you really want something you can figure out how to make it happen.
Cher - Don't take your toys inside just because it's raining.
Cher - Men aren't necessities. They're luxuries.
Cher - I've always taken risks, and never worried what the world might really think of me.
Cher - The trouble with some women is that they get all excited about nothing - and then marry him.
Cher - I can trust my friends These people force me to examine myself, encourage me to grow.
Cher - Husbands are like fires - they go out when they're left unattended.
Cher - I'm learning English at the moment. I can say 'Big Ben', 'Hello Rodney', 'Tower Bridge' and 'Loo'.
Cher - In this business it takes time to be really good - and by that time, you're obsolete.
Cher - Women are the real architects of society.
Chevy Chase - I guess I look so straight and normal, nobody expects me to pick my nose and fall.
Chevy Chase - Anyone who wants to run has to be a Jimmy Swaggart, minus the default.
Chevy Chase - All my children inherited perfect pitch.
Chevy Chase - I'm Chevy Chase, and you're not.
Chevy Chase - It's never a good idea for a celebrity to sign autographs or take pictures if a crowd is gathering.
Chevy Chase - Every Vacation movie didn't just make the studio money. They each made the studio a lot of money.
Chevy Chase - We never could have performed live for an hour and a half every week if we were doing drugs.
Chevy Chase - Parrots make great pets. They have more personality than goldfish.
Chevy Chase - I was always the guy getting kicked out of my classes at school for having an attitude problem.
Chevy Chase - You could knock my teeth out and break my nose, and there'd be something funny about it to me.
Chiara Ferragni - This mix of willingness and passion made me the businesswoman I am now.
Chiara Ferragni - Personality for me is the strongest statement.
Chiara Ferragni - I love hats, especially when you have bad hair days.
Chiara Ferragni - My secret has always been to be true to myself.
Chiara Ferragni - Some loved me, some hated me - but they all followed me.
Chiara Ferragni - What could be a better recipe than mixing fashion and food?
Chiara Ferragni - Looking into the camera creates a special eye and soul contact.
Chiara Ferragni - For me, being Italian, I love pizza. Particularly from Naples. I am obsessed.
Chiara Ferragni - I love white T-shirts as much as I love black. I often wear total black. It's my favourite.
Chiara Ferragni - My favourite leather jackets are timeless.
Chief Joseph - It makes my heart sick when I remember all the good words and the broken promises.
Chief Joseph - Treat all men alike. Give them the same law. Give them an even chance to live and grow.
Chief Joseph - The earth is the mother of all people, and all people should have equal rights upon it.
Chief Joseph - It does not require many words to speak the truth.
Chief Joseph - The Indian race are waiting and praying.
Chief Joseph - We ask to be recognized as men.
Chief Joseph - I will obey every law, or submit to the penalty.
Chief Joseph - I have heard talk and talk, but nothing is done.
Chief Joseph - Words do not pay for my dead people.
Chief Joseph - Good words will not give me back my children.
Chris Cornell - I'm not usually in a talkative mode.
Chris Cornell - My brother brought home 'At San Quentin' when I was about 7, and we played it over and over again.
Chris Cornell - There wasn't a key moment when I knew I wanted to quit.
Chris Cornell - At the end of the day it's the fans who make you who you are.
Chris Cornell - The focus on my wife and my children, it really helps me make sense of the music side of it somehow.
Chris Cornell - There's a lot of music that I don't like.
Chris Cornell - When Soundgarden formed, we were post-punk - pretty quirky.
Chris Cornell - An acoustic show is all about you, and any little nuance or mistake is amplified.
Chris Cornell - I actually think to some degree that people are down for longer shows with an acoustic show.
Chris Cornell - I don't really go mountain biking per se, like a proper sport.
Chris Evans - I am single and not looking to be in a relationship.
Chris Evans - I had no idea there were so many ways you could burn yourself out.
Chris Evans - If I do cardio I'll disappear.
Chris Evans - For the youth, the indignation of most things will just surge as each birthday passes.
Chris Evans - I'm not that great with press sometimes.
Chris Evans - All my good movies, nobody sees.
Chris Evans - I weep at everything. I love things so much - I just never want to dilute that.
Chris Evans - I emote. I love things so much.
Chris Evans - I really love the sound of my dog snoring.
Chris Hemsworth - For me, life is about experience and being a good person.
Chris Hemsworth - Sometimes there is more exploration in the character for a villain.
Chris Hemsworth - Not often do you approach a character where people know more about him than you do.
Chris Hemsworth - The more conflict and contrast you have with a character makes it more interesting.
Chris Hemsworth - For three years, I had embarrassing haircuts.
Chris Hemsworth - As a kid, I loved any fantasy.
Chris Hemsworth - Strong female leads are important.
Chris Hemsworth - Growing up, my parents were my heroes, in the way they conducted their lives.
Chris Hemsworth - I was a chatty kid.
Chris Hemsworth - I like to explore things.
Chris Hughes - My real big Internet claim to fame is the fact that I was first to jailbreak the iPhone.
Chris Hughes - I look up to a lot of people, but outside of my parents, I've never really had a mentor.
Chris Hughes - I am a person who feels compelled and then gets immersed.
Chris Hughes - You learn pretty fast that there is no magic solution to poverty.
Chris Hughes - People are doing amazing things right now on the Web.
Chris Hughes - Many of us get our news from social networks, blogs, and daily aggregators.
Chris Hughes - Anybody can be ambitious.
Chris Hughes - I was trying to figure out how to use the skills I had developed in the world of social change.
Chris Hughes - Buzz is not what I am looking for.
Chris Hughes - Profit per se is not my motive.
Chris Jericho - When I was a kid, I wanted to be either a rock star or a wrestler.
Chris Jericho - I've always had an air of mystery.
Chris Jericho - I've always been the type of guy that wants to change, adapt and morph from year to year.
Chris Jericho - I don't think I'd ever be able to give up the spotlight.
Chris Jericho - Am I a workaholic? Yes, but I also have no problem taking time for myself.
Chris Jericho - I never want to hide my wrestling background.
Chris Jericho - It's always great to add to your legacy.
Chris Jericho - I never was an amateur wrestler.
Chris Jericho - I started playing music when I was 12 years old.
Chris Jericho - I don't really play a lot of games.
Chris Kyle - You have to slow your heart rate, stay calm. You have to shoot in between your heartbeats.
Chris Kyle - But even before I was in the military, I was extremely jumpy when asleep.
Chris Kyle - War is hell. Hollywood fantasizes about it and makes it look good... war sucks.
Chris Kyle - It's not a problem taking out someone who wants your people dead. That's not a problem at all.
Chris Kyle - I really don't care what people think of me.
Chris Kyle - The media cause more problems than they do good.
Chris Kyle - I am not a fan of politics.
Chris Kyle - Every time I kill someone, he can't plant an I.E.D. You don't think twice about it.
Chris Kyle - I like war.
Chris Kyle - I'm just trying to get back to normal life.
Chris Martin - Music comes from a place we don't know.
Chris Martin - I don't mind not being cool.
Chris Martin - If you don't let love in, then you can't really give it back.
Chris Martin - You gotta wear the right trousers if you're gonna be a rock star.
Chris Martin - If a few companies were less greedy, the people at the bottom woud have a lot more.
Chris Martin - I don't drink, I don't take drugs, I don't smoke.
Chris Martin - There comes a point where it doesn't matter how many zeroes are at the end of your bank account.
Chris Martin - More idiots should just shut their mouths.
Chris Martin - The goal is to try and make the perfect song. Which of course will never happen.
Chris Martin - I just want to make the best music of all time with my best friends.
Chris Pine - The authentic experience, where is that? Living the moment. That is something that we're losing.
Chris Pine - A lot of tragedy can befall us, but there's always something else; there's always hope.
Chris Pine - One thing that I do find really sexy is a girl who's good at crossword puzzles.
Chris Pine - There are going to be good times and bad times, but lighten up.
Chris Pine - After many years of self-flagellation, I've realised that beating myself up doesn't get me anywhere.
Chris Pine - I do like dating cynics - they tend to be incredibly funny.
Chris Pine - I'm more cerebral than I want to be.
Chris Pine - My fans have designated themselves the, uh, 'Pine Nuts.' They're a nutty bunch.
Chris Pine - Just lead your life and try to make the best decisions.
Chris Pine - I usually just end up at home on my couch - reading.
Chris Pratt - Just be comfortable with who you are.
Chris Pratt - There's nothing funnier than a giant, grown man rollerblading.
Chris Pratt - Just be yourself and forget all of the stuff you read in 'GQ' magazine.
Chris Pratt - You can pour melted ice cream on regular ice cream. It's like a sauce!
Chris Pratt - My favorite way to blow off steam is to sing obnoxiously loud in the shower.
Chris Pratt - I married way out of my pay grade. I have no idea how that happened.
Chris Pratt - As long as I keep getting cast, I don't care if it's typecast.
Chris Pratt - I've always been a little soft. I like to eat.
Chris Pratt - I'd love to work with Steve Martin. I'd love to work with Bill Murray, Dan Aykroyd.
Chris Pratt - Television is such an evolving medium.
Chris Rock - There are only three things women need in life: food, water, and compliments.
Chris Rock - You can only offend me if you mean something to me.
Chris Rock - Here's what I knew about doing a play: I knew it would make me a better actor.
Chris Rock - The key to staying together is making sure you guys like each other and need each other.
Chris Rock - I live in a neighborhood so bad that you can get shot while getting shot.
Chris Rock - Anything you can suck at should make you nervous.
Chris Rock - No film critic's going to say it, but 'Madagascar 3' is better than 'The Artist.'
Chris Rock - If you properly clean a room, it gets dirtier before it gets cleaner.
Chris Rock - I think my best work is when I'm kind of in charge.
Chris Rock - I'm an independent, but I got to admit I lean Democratic.
Chris Stapleton - I'm not a hustler. I don't pitch songs. I don't ask people to write with me. It's not what I do.
Chris Stapleton - I can only be me. I have a hard time being a chameleon as a singer.
Chris Stapleton - I always tell people, 'The music's free. I get paid to travel.'
Chris Stapleton - At the end of the day, I just have to do what I do and let it be what it's gonna be.
Chris Stapleton - Country music is one of those places where we support each other and prop each other up.
Chris Stapleton - My dad was a very straight arrow, prayed-at-every-meal kind of guy.
Chris Stapleton - Music is not a game to me. I take it very seriously.
Chris Stapleton - As long as people are buying music, it's good for everybody.
Chris Stapleton - I've always been in touring bands in some capacity.
Chris Stapleton - I was a car salesman, if you can believe it.
Chrissy Metz - So much of the mainstream media has taught us what beauty is, but everyone is beautiful.
Chrissy Metz - If I find a cute skirt, I'm not fixated on a brand.
Chrissy Metz - I'm on this journey to inspire people and to encourage them.
Chrissy Metz - If you can't love who you are now, you can't get to the place you want to be.
Chrissy Metz - I don't have to have a man in my life, and I think men are attracted to that.
Chrissy Metz - At the end of the day... my love for my body... comes from within.
Chrissy Metz - I eat my feelings - when I'm happy, when I'm sad.
Chrissy Metz - I do want to lose weight. But not because anyone is telling me to do it.
Chrissy Metz - If I ever end up on the worst-dressed list, it's not going to make me fall apart.
Chrissy Metz - You have to use what you know to make a part real.
Christian Bale - I think trying too hard to be sexy is the worst thing in the world a woman can do.
Christian Bale - In everyday life, my wife is the most wonderful. We're in love with each other beyond belief.
Christian Bale - How serious can a movie about time-traveling robots be? You want it to be cool and fun.
Christian Bale - It's not who I am underneath but what I do that defines me.
Christian Bale - I have a fear of being boring.
Christian Bale - I don't think I'm like any of the characters I've played - they're all really far from who I am.
Christian Bale - I only sound intelligent when there's a good script writer around.
Christian Bale - If everyone really knew what a jerk I am in real life, I wouldn't be so adored in the slightest.
Christian Bale - I don't personally look to my own life experiences for answers about how to play a scene.
Christian Bale - I never want to feel that I'm playing it safe.
Christian Dior - After women, flowers are the most lovely thing God has given the world.
Christian Dior - Deep in every heart slumbers a dream, and the couturier knows it: every woman is a princess.
Christian Dior - The tones of gray, pale turquoise and pink will prevail.
Christian Dior - Zest is the secret of all beauty. There is no beauty that is attractive without zest.
Christian Dior - Without foundations, there can be no fashion.
Christian Dior - A woman's perfume tells more about her than her handwriting.
Christian Dior - A country, a style or an epoch are interesting only for the idea behind them.
Christian Dior - My dream is to save women from nature.
Christian Dior - In a machine age, dressmaking is one of the last refuges of the human, the personal, the inimitable.
Christian Dior - The detail is as important as the essential is. When it is inadequate, it destroys the whole outfit.
Christian Louboutin - If you do what you love, it is the best way to relax.
Christian Louboutin - A shoe has so much more to offer than just to walk.
Christian Louboutin - A woman can be sexy, charming, witty or shy with her shoes.
Christian Louboutin - Strangely enough, I really think that shoes are a communication tool between people.
Christian Louboutin - A woman carries her clothes. But the shoe carries the woman.
Christian Louboutin - High heels are pleasure with pain.
Christian Louboutin - There are few plants that are ugly. It's how you use them that may not be pretty.
Christian Louboutin - High heels empower women in a way.
Christian Louboutin - I like my customer to be fierce.
Christian Louboutin - People are proud of their tattoos. It's like a modern coat of arms.
Christian Slater - I've calmed down, certainly, from the days of being 18, but I'm still having a good time.
Christian Slater - Good judgement comes from experience. Sometimes, experience comes from bad judgement.
Christian Slater - How do I feel about being a star now? Well I still try to live life and enjoy what I am doing.
Christian Slater - There was a time when I felt I should do everything that was offered to me, you know, ride the wave.
Christian Slater - Jail was a result of me not taking time for myself. So I was forced to take some time for myself.
Christian Slater - Strike and struggle precede success, even in the dictionary.
Christian Slater - I am a gypsy, in a way. It's a condition of my profession.
Christian Slater - Having kids certainly gets me to ask the question, 'Who is the adult here, and who is the kid?'
Christian Slater - It's always a leap of faith when you get involved with somebody.
Christian Slater - I can promote until I am blue in the face, but ultimately nobody knows what makes a hit.
Christie Brinkley - Share your smile with the world. It's a symbol of friendship and peace.
Christie Brinkley - I just found out that I'm one inch taller than I thought.
Christie Brinkley - Life is too short to not have oysters and champagne sometimes.
Christie Brinkley - A smile is like an instant facelift and an instant mood lift.
Christie Brinkley - The more you give, the more you get - it's a cliche, but it's really true.
Christie Brinkley - I wish my butt did not go sideways, but I guess I have to face that.
Christie Brinkley - Life is short. Ricky and I realize how lucky we were. We want to be together all the time.
Christie Brinkley - My biggest deterrent to getting the workout I need is just that my days are so full and so busy.
Christie Brinkley - When you feel good, you look good. And vice versa: When you look good, you feel good.
Christie Brinkley - Smile. It instantly lifts the face, and it just lights up the room.
Christina Aguilera - I'm a bit of a night owl because that's when I feel the most creative and alive.
Christina Aguilera - Red lips and fragrance always top off an outfit for me.
Christina Aguilera - I'm an ocean, because I'm really deep. If you search deep enough you can find rare exotic treasures.
Christina Aguilera - I have always been one to encourage perseverance.
Christina Aguilera - I'm not a judgmental person, so I can't comment on someone else's background.
Christina Aguilera - I do reinvent old hits of mine and sort of give them a new life.
Christina Aguilera - So, where's the Cannes Film Festival being held this year?
Christina Aguilera - The roughest road often leads to the top.
Christina Aguilera - Pop is actually my least favorite kind of music, because it lacks real depth.
Christina Aguilera - Right now I'm pretty single... My career is my boyfriend.
Christina Milian - I am also a hard worker and people are sometimes surprised to see that as well.
Christina Milian - I enjoy my fun time and everything like that but I love what I do.
Christina Milian - For one year I did go to Performing Arts School, and I had very weird friends.
Christina Milian - At the end of the day, I'm Violet's mom, and I want the best for her.
Christina Milian - But people who do not know me are surprised to see me as a real person I guess.
Christina Milian - The will to never give up and to be fearless. That's what I have.
Christina Milian - I'm a grown woman. The haters are definitely wrong if they think I care.
Christina Milian - I've teamed up with Pine Sol to celebrate the makers of home.
Christina Milian - I sang the 'Kim Possible' song for their cartoon series 'Kim Possible'.
Christina Milian - I go in full with my heart.
Christina Ricci - I knew I would never be cast as the pretty girl.
Christina Ricci - I like the way my own feet smell. I love to smell my sneakers when I take them off.
Christina Ricci - I went through an awkward adolescence and had braces.
Christina Ricci - This is my costume. I'm a homicidal maniac. They look just like everyone else.
Christina Ricci - The whole growing-up process seems to have eluded me.
Christina Ricci - I always knew that I was kind of bored; the regular life of a child didn't fit me.
Christina Ricci - Everything, I think, about acting is based on imagination.
Christina Ricci - I'm a TV addict, and I personally really enjoy reality TV.
Christina Ricci - I'm trying to just go with the flow and learn from the people around me.
Christina Ricci - I was a big sci-fi fantasy geek when I was younger... secretly, in my room.
Christine Quinn - I want to be a better Chris Quinn. I don't want to be a different Chris Quinn.
Christine Quinn - I'm not about talking and finger-pointing and complaining. I'm about getting things done.
Christine Quinn - We all think people deserve second chances. None of us are perfect.
Christine Quinn - To get things done, you have to get people together.
Christine Quinn - I'm in a position where, if you have the ability, you should use it well. To get things done.
Christine Quinn - At times, you need to be forceful to get things that are stuck unstuck.
Christine Quinn - Consensus doesn't happen by magic... You have to drive to it.
Christine Quinn - I have a tendency toward being a micromanager.
Christine Quinn - 'No one sits Baby in a corner,' one of the best lines in movie history.
Christine Quinn - I couldn't be more proud of my work as a progressive.
Christopher Lasch - The effect of the mass media is not to elicit belief but to maintain the apparatus of addiction.
Christopher Lasch - Nothing succeeds like the appearance of success.
Christopher Lasch - Most people no longer live in nuclear families at all.
Christopher Lasch - Personal disintegration remains always an imminent danger.
Christopher Lasch - Environmentalism opposes reckless innovation and makes conservation the central order of business.
Christopher Lasch - The left ask people to believe that there is no conflict between feminism and the family.
Christopher Lasch - The model of ownership, in a society organized round mass consumption, is addiction.
Christopher Lasch - The reporting of news has to be understood as propaganda for commodities, and events by images.
Christopher Lasch - We are all revolutionaries now, addicts of change.
Christopher Lasch - The job of the press is to encourage debate, not to supply the public with information.
Christopher Lee - I associate heavy metal with fantasy because of the tremendous power that the music delivers.
Christopher Lee - 'The Wicker Man' for me, as an actor, was definitely the best film I've ever done.
Christopher Lee - I did play Ramses II once, who lived to be 91 and had 120 children, but he died 4,000 years ago.
Christopher Lee - To be a legend, you've either got to be dead or excessively old!
Christopher Lee - I turn to the 'Telegraph's' obituaries page with trepidation.
Christopher Lee - There are many vampires in the world today... you only have to think of the film business.
Christopher Lee - I've done a lot of films that have become iconic, not necessarily because of me.
Christopher Lee - A whole new career opened up for me when I was in 'Lord Of The Rings' and 'Star Wars.'
Christopher Lee - Comedy is the most difficult thing to do. Easily the most difficult.
Christopher Lee - If I had any deadly secrets, I wouldn't still be alive.
Christopher Marlowe - O, thou art fairer than the evening air clad in the beauty of a thousand stars.
Christopher Marlowe - That perfect bliss and sole felicity, the sweet fruition of an earthly crown.
Christopher Marlowe - What feeds me destroys me.
Christopher Marlowe - Confess and be hanged.
Christopher Marlowe - Virtue is the fount whence honour springs.
Christopher Marlowe - Money can't buy love, but it improves your bargaining position.
Christopher Marlowe - What are kings, when regiment is gone, but perfect shadows in a sunshine day?
Christopher Marlowe - Live and die in Aristotle's works.
Christopher Marlowe - Jigging veins of rhyming mother wits.
Christopher Marlowe - While money doesn't buy love, it puts you in a great bargaining position.
Christopher Morley - Heavy hearts, like heavy clouds in the sky, are best relieved by the letting of a little water.
Christopher Morley - There are three ingredients in the good life: learning, earning and yearning.
Christopher Morley - Act like you expect to get into the end zone.
Christopher Morley - No man is lonely eating spaghetti; it requires so much attention.
Christopher Morley - The bicycle, the bicycle surely, should always be the vehicle of novelists and poets.
Christopher Morley - In every man's heart there is a secret nerve that answers to the vibrations of beauty.
Christopher Morley - There is only one success - to be able to spend your life in your own way.
Christopher Morley - The misfortunes hardest to bear are these which never came.
Christopher Morley - Life is a foreign language; all men mispronounce it.
Christopher Morley - High heels were invented by a woman who had been kissed on the forehead.
Christopher Nolan - I just love photographing things and putting them together to tell a story.
Christopher Nolan - If I could steal someone's dream myself, I'd have to go for one of Orson Welles.
Christopher Nolan - The best actors instinctively feel out what the other actors need, and they just accommodate it.
Christopher Nolan - I've always been a movie guy, movies have been my thing. I love movies, all kinds of movies.
Christopher Nolan - By the time I was 10 or 11, I knew I wanted to make films.
Christopher Nolan - I never considered myself a lucky person. I'm the most extraordinary pessimist. I truly am.
Christopher Nolan - The only job that was ever of interest to me other than filmmaking is architecture.
Christopher Nolan - I've never read Joseph Campbell, and I don't know all that much about story archetypes.
Christopher Nolan - No, I've only ever done one film at a time.
Christopher Nolan - I'm taking a bit of a wait-and-see attitude towards 3D.
Christopher Reeve - Either you decide to stay in the shallow end of the pool or you go out in the ocean.
Christopher Reeve - Don't give up. Don't lose hope. Don't sell out.
Christopher Reeve - Success is finding satisfaction in giving a little more than you take.
Christopher Reeve - It's important to me to say what I really mean.
Christopher Reeve - Never accept ultimatums, conventional wisdom, or absolutes.
Christopher Reeve - You play the hand you're dealt. I think the game's worthwhile.
Christopher Reeve - I learned years ago to come to terms with having so much done for me by others.
Christopher Reeve - Your body is not who you are. The mind and spirit transcend the body.
Christopher Reeve - Even though I don't personally believe in the Lord, I try to behave as though He was watching.
Christopher Reeve - At first, dreams seem impossible, then improbable, and eventually inevitable.
Christopher Walken - At its best, life is completely unpredictable.
Christopher Walken - I try not to worry about things I can't do anything about.
Christopher Walken - I'm not much of an analyzer or a psychologist.
Christopher Walken - Because if I don't know my lines, I really don't know what I'm doing.
Christopher Walken - I live sort of in the country and I like that. It's very quiet, it's beautiful.
Christopher Walken - My hair was famous before I was.
Christopher Walken - Emotional power is maybe the most valuable thing that an actor can have.
Christopher Walken - Is typecasting really a problem?
Christopher Walken - I make movies that nobody will see. I've made movies that even I have never seen.
Christopher Walken - I don't need to be made to look evil. I can do that on my own.
Christy Turlington - My day-to-day life changes; I don't have any standard day.
Christy Turlington - America's health care system is the most complicated and expensive in the world.
Christy Turlington - I'd rather go naked than wear fur.
Christy Turlington - I have a beer belly.
Christy Turlington - I sincerely feel that beauty largely comes from within.
Christy Turlington - I would be very proud to have influenced anyone that I know or don't know to quit smoking.
Christy Turlington - Modeling is a profession where your worth is tied up with looks.
Christy Turlington - Sacred spaces can be created in any environment.
Christy Turlington - Yoga gave me the ability to calm down.
Christy Turlington - I have a son and a daughter; I try to teach them equally about balance, gender, and gender equity.
Chuck Berry - It's amazing how much you can learn if your intentions are truly earnest.
Chuck Berry - Rock's so good to me. Rock is my child and my grandfather.
Chuck Berry - Don't let the same dog bite you twice.
Chuck Berry - You know, your ears record. You might can sing a song once you hear it.
Chuck Berry - Praise doesn't mean anything to me. I don't judge myself.
Chuck Berry - I don't want the bottom, so I have to sacrifice the top.
Chuck Berry - If you want to release your aggression, get up and dance. That's what rock and roll is all about.
Chuck Berry - I would sing the blues if I had the blues.
Chuck Berry - My singing days have passed. My voice is gone. My throat is worn. And my lungs are going fast.
Chuck Berry - Music is science. Everything is science. Because science is truth.
Chuck Close - I don't work with inspiration. Inspiration is for amateurs. I just get to work.
Chuck Close - Never let anyone define what you are capable of by using parameters that don't apply to you.
Chuck Close - I'm plagued with indecision in my life. I can't figure out what to order in a restaurant.
Chuck Close - Every child should have a chance to feel special.
Chuck Close - Painting is the frozen evidence of a performance.
Chuck Close - There's something Zen-like about the way I work - it's like raking gravel in a Zen Buddhist garden.
Chuck Close - Ease is the enemy of the artist. When things get too easy, you're in trouble.
Chuck Close - It's always a pleasure to talk about someone else's work.
Chuck Close - I'm very learning-disabled, and I think it drove me to what I'm doing.
Chuck Close - All the fingerprint paintings are done without a grid.
Chuck Fleischmann - I fervently believe that education is the key to moving forward.
Chuck Fleischmann - I've always believed in local government.
Chuck Fleischmann - We're all still kids when it comes to baseball.
Chuck Fleischmann - We've got to look at waste, fraud, and abuse across the board.
Chuck Fleischmann - I've always loved small business.
Chuck Fleischmann - It takes time for 700,000 people to get to know their congressman.
Chuck Fleischmann - We won the Cold War because we showed nuclear vigilance and diligence.
Chuck Fleischmann - We live in a dangerous world, and Russia has not complied with existing treaties.
Chuck Fleischmann - I'm a can-do conservative, and I just love the job, and I think I'm going to get re-elected.
Chuck Fleischmann - I wear frayed khaki pants.
Chuck Noll - Good things happen to those who hustle.
Chuck Noll - A life of frustration is inevitable for any coach whose main enjoyment is winning.
Chuck Noll - Pressure is something you feel when you don't know what you're doing.
Chuck Noll - Never make a major decision based solely on money.
Chuck Noll - Mamas, don't let your sons grow up to be Cowboys... or Oilers.
Chuck Noll - Some coaches pray for wisdom. I pray for 260-pound tackles. They'll give me plenty of wisdom.
Chuck Noll - Everyone's job is important, but no one is indispensable.
Chuck Noll - Before you can win a game, you have to not lose it.
Chuck Noll - The thrill isn't in the winning, it's in the doing.
Chuck Noll - It's not pleasant when you lose your whole football team.
Chuck Norris - Men are like steel. When they lose their temper, they lose their worth.
Chuck Norris - Violence is my last option.
Chuck Norris - I don't initiate violence, I retaliate.
Chuck Norris - Anytime you get action legends together, it has to be a classic.
Chuck Norris - I think you can learn from history.
Chuck Norris - I'm a people's actor, not a critics' actor, and I always have been.
Chuck Norris - Good morals lead to good laws.
Chuck Norris - I was just a start-and-stop guy. I could never really follow through on anything that I started.
Chuck Norris - I think Christians and Muslims should hug each other.
Chuck Norris - Whether we are famous or not, we all need God. We also need other people.
Chuck Palahniuk - The lower you fall, the higher you'll fly.
Chuck Palahniuk - The only difference between suicide and martyrdom is press coverage.
Chuck Palahniuk - When did the future switch from being a promise to a threat?
Chuck Palahniuk - What we don't understand we can make mean anything.
Chuck Palahniuk - People have to really suffer before they can risk doing what they love.
Chuck Palahniuk - Only through destroying myself can I discover the greater power of my spirit.
Chuck Palahniuk - Nobody's told me anything to date that I've been completely reviled by.
Chuck Palahniuk - A film has to maintain a certain decorum in order to be broadcast to a vast audience.
Chuck Palahniuk - We all die. The goal isn't to live forever, the goal is to create something that will.
Chuck Palahniuk - Sometimes the past seems too big for the present to hold.
Chuck Schumer - I think teaching should be an exalted profession, not a picked-on profession.
Chuck Schumer - When someone takes a private photo, on a private cell phone, it should remain just that: private.
Chuck Schumer - Giving up even an ounce of precious freedom is a very serious thing to do.
Chuck Schumer - America is a place where we all come together. It is a place of consensus.
Chuck Schumer - Mr. Snowden is a coward who has chosen to run.
Chuck Schumer - In today's competitive economy, to stand still is to die.
Chuck Schumer - Inaction is perhaps the greatest mistake of all.
Chuck Schumer - When one has success, the answer is not to undo that success. It is to continue what has been done.
Chuck Schumer - Democrats don't relate to middle-class people.
Chuck Schumer - If we say the Geneva Convention is obsolete, then what do others who have our soldiers say?
Ciara - If you don't embrace who you are and accept who you are, you won't be able to live a happy life.
Ciara - Cute accessories always help bring out your outfit and pull it all together.
Ciara - I like to stay happy, and I like to live life light and make the best of life.
Ciara - More than anything, I realize I've been blessed to make great music.
Ciara - If a person uses the word 'sorry' loosely then of course it loses its value.
Ciara - I think it takes a lot of confidence to be comfortable in being vulnerable.
Ciara - I'm not totally innocent, and I do date. But as a young woman, I also demand respect.
Ciara - I was so driven that sometimes you don't recognise all the good things that are happening to you.
Ciara - I don't want to sound too cocky. But I consider myself superwoman.
Ciara - Being a mom has changed me forever.
Cilla Black - I intend to grow old very disgracefully.
Cilla Black - I just thank God when I wake up every day.
Cilla Black - I never did acid, I am just so high anyway.
Cilla Black - I helped make the Sixties swing, and I'm very proud of that.
Cilla Black - It's hard to watch your life unfold, and sad. Life changes.
Cilla Black - I can't say I'm surprised I was successful. I was determined - and I got it.
Cilla Black - I humbly apologise for reality Television.
Cilla Black - But reality television is here to stay.
Cilla Black - The difference with me is that I did inhale.
Cilla Black - It was an unknown thing, a lot of people had very bad trips and I like to be in control.
Claire Danes - Acting is the greatest answer to my loneliness that I have found.
Claire Danes - Once you get over that peak of puberty, you hit a nice stride.
Claire Danes - Counterterrorism isn't really about the nunchakus, the guns and gadgets. It's about psychology.
Claire Danes - I do know how to fire a machine gun, so be warned! I'm trained!
Claire Danes - I really have never been concerned about being beautiful on-screen. That's just not my jam.
Claire Danes - People with bipolar disorder have difficulty with boundaries.
Claire Danes - Any story is better with a little love in it, right?
Claire Danes - I should be so lucky to be a misfit. I aspire to be a misfit.
Claire Danes - Growing up, I wanted desperately to please, to be a good girl.
Claire Danes - I know, it's true. I've played these tortured teenagers. I can't wait to shed that image.
Clare Boothe Luce - Money can't buy happiness, but it can make you awfully comfortable while you're being miserable.
Clare Boothe Luce - No good deed goes unpunished.
Clare Boothe Luce - Courage is the ladder on which all the other virtues mount.
Clare Boothe Luce - You know, that's the only good thing about divorce; you get to sleep with your mother.
Clare Boothe Luce - The politicians were talking themselves red, white and blue in the face.
Clare Boothe Luce - A man's home may seem to be his castle on the outside; inside is more often his nursery.
Clare Boothe Luce - Censorship, like charity, should begin at home, but, unlike charity, it should end there.
Clare Boothe Luce - The oppressed never free themselves - they do not have the necessary strengths.
Clare Boothe Luce - A woman's best protection is a little money of her own.
Clare Boothe Luce - There is nothing like a good dose of another woman to make a man appreciate his wife.
Clarence Darrow - True patriotism hates injustice in its own land more than anywhere else.
Clarence Darrow - When I was a boy I was told that anybody could become President; I'm beginning to believe it.
Clarence Darrow - History repeats itself, and that's one of the things that's wrong with history.
Clarence Darrow - The trouble with law is lawyers.
Clarence Darrow - You can only protect your liberties in this world by protecting the other man's freedom.
Clarence Darrow - You can only be free if I am free.
Clarence Darrow - I am a friend of the working man, and I would rather be his friend, than be one.
Clarence Darrow - Laws should be like clothes. They should be made to fit the people they serve.
Clarence Darrow - I have never killed a man, but I have read many obituaries with great pleasure.
Clarence Darrow - I am an agnostic; I do not pretend to know what many ignorant men are sure of.
Clarence Thomas - Good manners will open doors that the best education cannot.
Clarence Thomas - And I thank God I believe in God, or I would probably be enormously angry right now.
Clarence Thomas - You didn't think of angels as white or black. They were angels.
Clarence Thomas - My grandparents had died in 1983, and suddenly my brother is out jogging before Mass, and he dies.
Clarence Thomas - I'd been very partial to Malcolm X, particularly his self-help teachings.
Clarence Thomas - I tend to really be partial to Ayn Rand, and to The Fountainhead and Atlas Shrugged.
Clarence Thomas - I have to admit that I'm one of those people that thinks the dishwasher is a miracle.
Clarence Thomas - The myths that are created about the South, about the way we grew up, about black people, are wrong.
Clarence Thomas - I certainly have some very strong libertarian leanings, yes.
Clarence Thomas - I grew up in a religious environment, and I'm proud of it.
Clayton Christensen - You may hate gravity, but gravity doesn't care.
Clayton Christensen - There is no single right answer or path forward, but there is one right way to frame the problem.
Clayton Christensen - Life is an unending stream of extenuating circumstances.
Clayton Christensen - Do not be deceived by impostors.
Clayton Christensen - I have healed the sick by the power of the God. I have spoken with the gift of tongues.
Clayton Christensen - I'm an optimistic person.
Clayton Christensen - Venture capital is always wanting to go up market.
Clayton Christensen - For 300 years, higher education was not disruptable because there was no technological core.
Clayton Christensen - People under-invest in family because it doesn't pay off until the long term.
Clayton Christensen - When you improve your product so it does the customer's job better, then you gain market share.
Colin Kaepernick - I'm going to continue to stand with the people that are being oppressed.
Colin Kaepernick - There's a lot of things that need to change. One specifically? Police brutality.
Colin Kaepernick - I'm here to play football.
Colin Kaepernick - I don't look at film that closely about my mechanics of where's my elbow at.
Colin Kaepernick - If you're going to do something, you're going to do it to be the best.
Colin Kaepernick - I don't believe in pressure. The pressure is not being prepared for what you want to do.
Colin Kaepernick - I think the biggest part of my game that's underestimated is the mental part of it.
Colin Kaepernick - I don't play for job security.
Colin Kaepernick - Whether football's here or not, I will be fine. I go out, I play to win.
Colin Kaepernick - I love America.
Colin Mochrie - We all have a dinosaur deep within us just trying to get out.
Colin Mochrie - I'm handsome, no ands, buts or ifs.
Colin Mochrie - And if that isn't the truth, it would be a lie.
Colin Mochrie - Give me liberty or a bran muffin!
Colin Mochrie - Give me liberty or give me a bran muffin!
Colin Mochrie - I am such a pessimist that every project has surpassed what I envisioned.
Colin Mochrie - I'm a traveling practical joker. That's my line of work.
Colin Mochrie - To be a dramatic writer takes hard work, talent, and discipline. And that's why I just make up crap.
Colin Mochrie - I'm quite shy. Really. I'm trying to expand myself as a person more, get involved with people.
Colin Mochrie - This just in: Beverly Hills 90210, Cleveland Browns 3.
Colonel Sanders - A lot of learned men think people really are the food they've eaten.
Colonel Sanders - There's no reason to be the richest man in the cemetery. You can't do any business from there.
Colonel Sanders - I am not too proud of having my name associated with some of my restaurants.
Colonel Sanders - The food I've liked in my time is American country cookin'.
Colonel Sanders - Don't be against things so much as for things.
Colonel Sanders - To me, my recipes are priceless.
Colonel Sanders - I've read hundreds of cookbooks. For my money, they are the bird.
Colonel Sanders - I'm against retiring. The thing that keeps a man alive is having something to do.
Colonel Sanders - I don't fear that a man will wear out as quickly as he will rust out.
Colonel Sanders - Sitting in a rocker never appealed to me. Golf or fishing isn't as much fun as working.
Conan O'Brien - Work hard, be kind, and amazing things will happen.
Conan O'Brien - When all else fails there's always delusion.
Conan O'Brien - Fish recognize a bad leader.
Conan O'Brien - There are few things more liberating in this life than having your worst fear realized.
Conan O'Brien - If life gives you lemons, make some kind of fruity juice.
Conan O'Brien - I hate cynicism - it's my least favorite quality and it doesn't lead anywhere.
Conan O'Brien - Early on, they were timing my contract with an egg timer.
Conan O'Brien - I have an abacus at home.
Conan O'Brien - Keep cool my babies.
Conan O'Brien - Your path at 22 will not necessarily be your path at 32 or 42.
Condoleezza Rice - We need a common enemy to unite us.
Condoleezza Rice - We will continue to work together in our common fight against terror.
Condoleezza Rice - When you are going up the corporate ladder or the government ladder, you have to take some risk.
Condoleezza Rice - The day has to come when it's not a surprise that a woman has a powerful position.
Condoleezza Rice - I could read music before I could read.
Condoleezza Rice - I think Americans are not guilty for 9/11; I think President Bush is not guilty for 9/11.
Condoleezza Rice - We can't afford to leave Afghanistan to the Taliban and the terrorists.
Condoleezza Rice - I've been in enough positions to respect people with different views.
Condoleezza Rice - Today's headlines and history's judgment are rarely the same.
Condoleezza Rice - There was no silver bullet that could have prevented the 9/11 attacks.
Conor Oberst - When everything is lonely I can be my best friend.
Conor Oberst - I really just want to be warm yellow light that pours over everyone I love.
Conor Oberst - There's a lot of optimism in changing scenery, in seeing what's down the road.
Conor Oberst - Why are you scared to dream of god when it's salvation that you want?
Conor Oberst - No lies, just love.
Conor Oberst - Let the poets cry themselves to sleep, and all their tearful words will turn back into steam.
Conor Oberst - We must memorize nine numbers and deny we have a soul.
Conor Oberst - When you look at what people consider success in the music industry, it's just terrible music.
Conor Oberst - I believe that vinyl will outlast CDs.
Conor Oberst - We've all seen the power music has to spread messages of solidarity and hope.
Conrad Hall - You are always a student, never a master. You have to keep moving forward.
Conrad Hall - Dad, wherever you are, you are gone but you will never be forgotten.
Conrad Hall - Contrast is what makes photography interesting.
Conrad Hall - Every cinematographer I worked with had his own way of solving problems.
Conrad Hall - Cinematography is infinite in its possibilities... much more so than music or language.
Conrad Hall - I saw Tequila Sunrise as a romantic picture with complex, bigger than life characters.
Conrad Hall - There is a kind of beauty in imperfection.
Conrad Hall - I realize that every picture isn't a work of art.
Conrad Hall - My first semester, I got a D in creative writing.
Conrad Hall - I was very happy sitting alone at a dining room table, writing a script.
Coretta Scott King - Hate is too great a burden to bear. It injures the hater more than it injures the hated.
Coretta Scott King - Women, if the soul of the nation is to be saved, I believe that you must become its soul.
Coretta Scott King - Scandal sells books; fidelity does not.
Coretta Scott King - Non-violence is a permanent attitude we bring to the breakfast table and bring to bed at night.
Coretta Scott King - Nonviolence is the only credible response to the violence we're seeing around the world.
Coretta Scott King - Revenge and retaliation always perpetuate the cycle of anger, fear and violence.
Coretta Scott King - If you use weapons of war to bring about peace, you're going to have more war and destruction.
Coretta Scott King - You have to have people who prick the consciences of the nation.
Coretta Scott King - Like Gandhi, my husband had struggled with the issue of materialism.
Coretta Scott King - I believe that women know if their husbands are unfaithful. They feel it.
Cory Booker - You can't have a physical transformation until you have a spiritual transformation.
Cory Booker - Marriage equality is not a choice. It is a legal right.
Cory Booker - I want to be myself. I want to be as authentic as possible.
Cory Booker - Our platform is crafted by Democrats but it is not about partisanship, its about pragmatism.
Cory Booker - Hopelessness is a really toxic and dangerous state.
Cory Booker - Our platform emphasizes that a vibrant, free and fair market is essential to economic growth.
Cory Booker - People are always trying to draw simplistic dialectics that can capture things.
Cory Booker - I am a geek nerd who happened to have a temporary period of jockiness.
Cory Booker - I'd gladly take a grenade, if it meant saving Newark.
Cory Booker - I debated between law school and divinity.
Cory Gardner - We can't disrespect people for having a different opinion.
Cory Gardner - I think people need to be treated with respect, and that's what we've demanded from everyone.
Cory Gardner - We got to protect Medicaid.
Cory Gardner - I've learned to listen. I don't get everything right the first time.
Cory Gardner - Besides the conventional military threats, North Korean cyber capabilities are growing.
Cory Gardner - Any proposal that allows people who are here illegally to cut to the front of the line is amnesty.
Cory Gardner - I don't get everything right the first time.
Cory Gardner - What can we do to put more Colorado in Washington and less Washington in Colorado?
Cory Gardner - There is no such thing as a federal personhood bill.
Cory Gardner - Sen. Udall can only talk about one thing: He's a social issues warrior.
Courteney Cox - I don't want to feel I'm responsible for anorexia across the country.
Courteney Cox - I'm a gemini, and I get so bored so easily. I mean, I have moved six times in the last eight years.
Courteney Cox - Always a godmother, never a mother. That sucks. I've got to get me one of those little accessories.
Courteney Cox - I don't find the whole 'cougar' word that offensive.
Courteney Cox - I'm kind of all over the place, and I need grounding.
Courteney Cox - I'd feel better about myself if I did stomach crunches, but I don't.
Courteney Cox - I want to be calm.
Courteney Cox - There's no doubt that motherhood is the best thing in my life. It's all that really matters.
Courteney Cox - A lot of times people say, 'As soon as you relax you'll have a kid.'
Courteney Cox - Well, actually, plucking my eyebrows is more of a hobby than a grooming tip.
Courtney Love - I want every girl in the world to pick up a guitar and start screaming.
Courtney Love - I like all the angels around because they protect me and my daughter. I mean, her Dad's an angel.
Courtney Love - Warren Beatty took an interest in my career at one point.
Courtney Love - You need to write on your own and produce your own life.
Courtney Love - I'm not a woman. I'm a force of nature.
Courtney Love - In rock stardom there's an absolute economic upside to self-destruction.
Courtney Love - I'll always prefer to play with women and hang out with women, and I'll always be a feminist.
Courtney Love - Being a rock widow is not my job, so I would hire people to do it for me.
Courtney Love - Being a rock star is like being a cult leader - you really have to be in your own religion.
Courtney Love - I don't mean to be a diva, but some days you wake up and you're Barbara Streisand.
Craig Ferguson - It's very interesting to know what people are doing while you're working on late-night television.
Craig Ferguson - I think comedy comes more from a low sense of self-esteem, and I certainly have that.
Craig Ferguson - If Scotland and America go to war, I'm afraid I've already sworn in.
Craig Ferguson - I proved to my own satisfaction that I am madder than I think.
Craig Ferguson - Other than the laws of physics, rules have never really worked out for me.
Craig Ferguson - Don't ever rope me in as a late-night talk show host. I don't want to be one.
Craig Ferguson - I'm not aware of having a creepy laugh, but apparently I do.
Craig Ferguson - I aim to please. I'm nothing if not a vaudevillian.
Craig Ferguson - I don't know now if I'm funny. I just keep talking and hope that I hit something that's funny.
Craig Ferguson - I have to do a show which is of interest to me, or else I'm lost.
Craig Kilborn - My brother asked me once, 'Are you a misanthrope?' And I said, 'No, I just find people irritating.'
Craig Kilborn - I think mankind is overly sensitive, very needy, greedy, and flawed.
Craig Kilborn - I'm going to miss my best friends - my cameras.
Craig Kilborn - I have a wonderful respect for old people.
Craig Kilborn - I thought late-night was crowded... the format's repetitive.
Craig Kilborn - I learned at an early age that using the third person will push some buttons.
Craig Kilborn - I enjoyed retirement the right way... linguine con vongole, red wine and plenty of truffle cheese.
Craig Kilborn - It's fun being creative and that's satisfying.
Craig Kilborn - I lived in a studio apartment until my mid-30s. I don't have an extravagant lifestyle.
Craig Kilborn - CBS was very generous in their offer to re-sign me. But I simply want to try something new.
Craig Sager - I will never give up, and I will never give in.
Craig Sager - I will live my life full of love and full of fun. It's the only way I know how.
Craig Sager - The way you think influences the way you feel, and the way you feel determines how you act.
Craig Sager - Sports are supposed to be fun, and so I have fun with the way I dress.
Craig Sager - Something that I've always been. Always lively. I don't want to be dull.
Craig Sager - Sports are in my soul. That's what drives me.
Craig Sager - If I missed a game, that meant I was losing the battle. I'm not going to let leukemia affect me.
Craig Sager - I'm fighting cancer and I refuse to give up.
Craig Sager - Ya gotta think positive.
Craig Sager - I will continue to keep fighting sucking the marrow out of life as life sucks the marrow out of me.
Craig Venter - A doctor can save maybe a few hundred lives in a lifetime. A researcher can save the whole world.
Craig Venter - The future of society is 100% dependent on scientific advances.
Craig Venter - I have this idea of trying to catalog all the genes on the planet.
Craig Venter - The only 'afterlife' is what other people remember of you.
Craig Venter - We can create new ways to create clean water.
Craig Venter - Mitochondrial DNA is in higher concentration, lasts longer, and can be extracted from bones.
Craig Venter - Genes can't possibly explain all of what makes us what we are.
Craig Venter - I am not sure our brains and our psychologies are ready for immortality.
Craig Venter - As a scientist, I clearly see the potential for harnessing the power of nature.
Craig Venter - We're moving from reading the genetic code to writing it.
Cristiano Ronaldo - Talent without working hard is nothing.
Cristiano Ronaldo - I don't like being alone.
Cristiano Ronaldo - When you lose a person you love so much, surviving the loss is difficult.
Cristiano Ronaldo - I have my flaws too, but I am a professional who doesn't like to miss or lose.
Cristiano Ronaldo - I'm aware that, whatever the circumstances, there will always be speculation about me.
Cristiano Ronaldo - I think sometimes the best training is to rest.
Cristiano Ronaldo - I'm living a dream I never want to wake up from.
Cristiano Ronaldo - I don't mind people hating me, because it pushes me.
Cristiano Ronaldo - Why lie? I'm not going to be a hypocrite and say the opposite of what I think, like some others do.
Cristiano Ronaldo - I am not the humblest person in the world. I admit that.
Curtis Jackson - My grandmother, she's been the positive portion of my life the entire time.
Curtis Jackson - Just be confident. I think confidence is the most attractive part of a person.
Curtis Jackson - When you've been in life-threatening situations, you become aware that life is not for ever.
Curtis Jackson - Obama is for same-sex marriage. If the president is saying that, then who am I to go the other way?
Curtis Jackson - I have a romantic side.
Curtis Jackson - I think I'll be going to Heaven, because I had good intentions. But my actions are another thing.
Curtis Jackson - I started hustling at 12, my mother hustled ahead of me. I was only allowed to because they knew me.
Curtis Jackson - People who actually have money don't want to talk about it. They want to talk about everything else.
Curtis Jackson - It's Fifty, not Fiddy.
Curtis Jackson - In my neighborhood... they view the police as someone who comes to take their loved ones away.
Cy Twombly - Graffiti is usually a protest - ink on walls - or has a reason for being naughty or aggressive.
Cy Twombly - It's absurd to talk about paintings that you haven't finished.
Cy Twombly - I was brought up to think you don't talk about yourself.
Cy Twombly - I swear if I had to do this over again, I would just do the paintings and never show them.
Cy Twombly - I'm not an abstractionist completely.
Cy Twombly - The Mediterranean is always just white, white, white.
Cy Twombly - I don't work 9 to 5.
Cy Twombly - To my mind, one does not put oneself in place of the past; one only adds a new link.
Cy Twombly - I have my pace and way of living, and I'm not looking for something.
Cy Twombly - I would've liked to have been Poussin, if I'd had a choice, in another time.
Cyndi Lauper - Everything does go in a circle.
Cyndi Lauper - You can laugh when I talk, but not when I sing.
Cyndi Lauper - You know, I've been playing with my hair color ever since I was nine.
Cyndi Lauper - God has more important things to worry about than who I sleep with.
Cyndi Lauper - I absolutely refuse to reveal my age. What am I - a car?
Cyndi Lauper - I lucked out when I started to sing. I'd already experienced failing at everything else.
Cyndi Lauper - I've always felt, even as a songwriter, that the rhythm of speech is in itself a language for me.
Cyndi Lauper - I'm not gonna worry about what people think about me. I'm too busy. I don't give a hoot.
Cyndi Lauper - I can't judge the way other people behave. I can only look at myself.
Cyndi Lauper - My mother said I was a little odd as a kid. I was alone a lot, but I didn't feel alone.
Cyril Connolly - Purity engenders Wisdom, Passion avarice, and Ignorance folly, infatuation and darkness.
Cyril Connolly - Vulgarity is the garlic in the salad of life.
Cyril Connolly - The past is the only dead thing that smells sweet.
Cyril Connolly - It is only in the country that we can get to know a person or a book.
Cyril Connolly - The dread of lonliness is greater than the fear of bondage, so we get married.
Cyril Connolly - We love but once, for once only are we perfectly equipped for loving.
Cyril Connolly - The true index of a man's character is the health of his wife.
Cyril Connolly - No city should be too large for a man to walk out of in a morning.
Cyril Connolly - Idleness is only a coarse name for my infinite capacity for living in the present.
Cyril Connolly - Better to write for yourself and have no public, than to write for the public and have no self.
C. L. R. James - Technological discoveries are the spermatozoa of social change.
C. L. R. James - All the world has been converted and Washington is the modem Mecca.
C. L. R. James - The country has undergone a profound social upheaval, the greatest the proletariat has ever known.
C. L. R. James - All peoples are entangled in the net of the world market.
C. L. R. James - Imperialist enterprise draws political consequences.
C. L. R. James - As the class struggle sharpens in the U.S. Marxism will come into its own as a great popular study.
C. L. R. James - First of all, Bolshevism represents revolution and the revolutionary struggle.
C. L. R. James - I may as well say it, I have been married three times.
C. L. R. James - It is not only that Germany has been defeated in the war, Kaiser Wilhelm's Germany was defeated.
C. L. R. James - I must say the idea of a United Africa was nonsense.
C. Northcote Parkinson - Work expands so as to fill the time available for its completion.
C. Northcote Parkinson - The chief product of an automated society is a widespread and deepening sense of boredom.
C. Northcote Parkinson - It is better to be a has-been than a never-was.
C. Northcote Parkinson - In politics people give you what they think you deserve and deny you what they think you want.
C. Northcote Parkinson - Delay is the deadliest form of denial.
C. Northcote Parkinson - Expansion means complexity and complexity decay.
C. Northcote Parkinson - The smaller the function, the greater the management.
C. Northcote Parkinson - Expenditures rise to meet income.
C. Northcote Parkinson - Make the people sovereign and the poor will use the machinery of government to dispossess the rich.
C. Northcote Parkinson - Perfection of planned layout is achieved only by institutions on the point of collapse.
Calista Flockhart - I do wish my breasts were bigger. Not big... but less small.
Calista Flockhart - No, I am who I am. I'm not going to change for anybody.
Calista Flockhart - I've been doing a lot of hiking, which I love.
Calista Flockhart - I've had a couple of long relationships. And I've had a couple of shorter relationships.
Calista Flockhart - I like to hike with my dog, Webster. It helps clear my mind.
Calista Flockhart - The only real indulgence was buying a house. That was a pretty big step.
Calista Flockhart - And when I first came out from New York, I hadn't driven in a long time. Now I'm like Joe Speedster.
Calista Flockhart - Whenever you move, I think you lose your history.
Calista Flockhart - I am definitely a dog person. I feel like Webster and I are very much alike.
Calista Flockhart - But it kills me, this fascination with celebrities' personal lives.
Calvin Trillin - As far as I'm concerned, 'whom' is a word that was invented to make everyone sound like a butler.
Calvin Trillin - I never eat in a restaurant that's over a hundred feet off the ground and won't stand still.
Calvin Trillin - Getting a tattoo would probably make me cry.
Calvin Trillin - What interests me is what you might call vernacular writing, writing that connects you to a place.
Calvin Trillin - There's always a source for humor.
Calvin Trillin - I've always thought that parallel parking was my main talent.
Calvin Trillin - I'm more disturbed when people expect me to be serious.
Calvin Trillin - Health food makes me sick.
Calvin Trillin - The shelf life of the average trade book is somewhere between milk and yogurt.
Calvin Trillin - When you're writing, you are robbed of your delivery.
Cameron Dallas - I started breaking out of my shell in sophomore and junior year.
Cameron Dallas - If I made a mistake on a piece of content, I'm going to learn from it.
Cameron Dallas - I like to impress myself when I dress.
Cameron Dallas - There's a time to impress someone, and then there's a time to make an impression on someone.
Cameron Dallas - One of the biggest misconceptions that has been thrown out there is the fact that I started on Vine.
Cameron Dallas - Never in a million years would I imagine Calvin Klein flying me out to my first men's fashion show.
Cameron Dallas - My goal is to bridge the gap between social media and traditional media.
Cameron Dallas - I don't own cable, but my TV came with a Netflix button.
Cameron Dallas - It's hard to sell a brand without having a face to it.
Cameron Dallas - Social media... it's the future for the new generation.
Cameron Diaz - I'm a pretty girl who's a model who doesn't suck as an actress.
Cameron Diaz - Grease is the only cure for a hangover.
Cameron Diaz - When I go out, I love steak and caviar.
Cameron Diaz - You haven't partied until you've partied at dawn in complete silence with Buddhist monks.
Cameron Diaz - Your regrets aren't what you did, but what you didn't do. So I take every opportunity.
Cameron Diaz - I did all my heavy partying before I turned sixteen.
Cameron Diaz - I've been noticing gravity since I was very young.
Cameron Diaz - I eat a cheeseburger with French fries almost every day.
Cameron Diaz - I would love a family. I'm at the age where the wish for a child gets stronger. But who knows.
Cameron Diaz - I'd kiss a frog even if there was no promise of a Prince Charming popping out of it. I love frogs.
Cameron Russell - Image is powerful, but image is also superficial.
Cameron Russell - Modelling is an incredible platform.
Cameron Russell - A ton of little girls I talk to, they want to be actresses or singers or models.
Cameron Russell - I work hard, but my modeling career gives my views undeserved attention.
Cameron Russell - My last two years of high school, I think I went to Burger King every day for lunch.
Cameron Russell - Like many young people, I believe I have potential to make a positive impact in the world.
Cameron Russell - Having a couple really great basics makes it easy to dress well every day.
Cameron Russell - The real way I became a model is I won a genetic lottery, and I became the recipient of a legacy.
Cameron Russell - Mass media wants bright lights. Mass media wants crazy clothes.
Cameron Russell - My favorite outfit is baggy black corduroy pants and a baggy T-shirt.
Camila Alves - I think the only time that I worry about looking good is on the red carpet.
Camila Alves - The Fourth of July should be celebrated with big hearts.
Camila Alves - We're like a travelling circus... We're always on the go.
Camila Alves - I'm curvy.
Camila Alves - Education is so important.
Camila Alves - A lot of times, you think you want something, and then you find something completely different.
Camila Alves - I love ice cream, and I love chocolate.
Camila Alves - This shared love of cooking and celebration has allowed me to create a strong bond with my family.
Camila Alves - I have a hard time finding high boots that go up to your knee, because of the shape of my calves.
Camila Alves - In my 20s, I wanted to be hot; now I want to be healthy.
Camille Claudel - You see that it is not at all like Rodin... I share these only with you, don't show them.
Camille Claudel - You find me at work; excuse the dust on my blouse. I sculpt my marble myself.
Camille Claudel - I tolerate my faults but not at all other people's.
Camille Claudel - I have had the problem of seeing my male model go to Italy and... stay there.
Camille Claudel - Sir Rodin convinced my parents to have me committed; they are all in Paris to arrange it.
Camille Claudel - I have been back in Paris for two weeks. Nothing new. Life is still bitter.
Camille Claudel - I don't want to say anything because I know I am unable to protect you from the harm that I see.
Camille Claudel - I have all sorts of problems and feel discouraged.
Camille Claudel - If you are nice, and keep your promise, we will be in paradise.
Camille Claudel - Send me one hundred francs on our future deals, otherwise I will disappear in a cataclysm.
Campbell Brown - What is happening with automation and globalization, that's not going away.
Campbell Brown - Every education law should be based around the question, 'Is this good for children?' And it's not.
Campbell Brown - You're not going to see me ever be partisan. I'll never take a position on a candidate or an issue.
Campbell Brown - In a situation where it's the child or the adult, I'm going with the child.
Campbell Brown - There's no reason why anyone's job should become untouchable for the rest of their life.
Campbell Brown - I've covered the White House and been yelled at by presidents.
Campbell Brown - TV news has largely given Trump editorial control.
Campbell Brown - As the ratings go up, so does advertising revenue.
Campbell Brown - Any time you challenge a big powerful person or special interest, there's going to be blowback.
Campbell Brown - It's better to be honest about your opinions than to pretend you don't have them.
Campbell Scott - Working hard is great, being lazy sometimes is great, but failed potential is the worst.
Campbell Scott - I just wanna get to the end of the day without it raining.
Campbell Scott - Everybody loves a villain - let's face it.
Campbell Scott - I make little movies, you know, they need all the help that they can get.
Campbell Scott - I'm not a big one for lots of genitals flapping in the films.
Campbell Scott - I think people tend to live, whether they like it or not, influenced by what's next door to them.
Campbell Scott - The fact is, it's hard to release movies.
Campbell Scott - I worked with Lukas Haas a long time ago, when he was younger, and he was wonderful.
Campbell Scott - I love that I'm rarely recognized. I like it because I know I can look different from film to film.
Campbell Scott - Details are the only thing that separates one movie from another.
Candace Bushnell - Women with money and women in power are two uncomfortable ideas in our society.
Candace Bushnell - There's so many things that mattered so much in my 20s and 30s that don't matter now.
Candace Bushnell - 'Lipstick Jungle' was on the air for 20 episodes - I loved 'Lipstick Jungle.'
Candace Bushnell - You need characters who want things. They want love, they want recognition, they want happiness.
Candace Bushnell - I'm looking forward to writing more novels for young adults.
Candace Bushnell - I have a house in the Connecticut countryside where you'll always find me, summer or winter.
Candace Bushnell - I love things that are old and glittery, that come with layers of glamour and past lives.
Candace Bushnell - I always thought that there was a really good chance that I wasn't going to get married.
Candace Bushnell - I'm really enjoying being single. I'm not even looking to meet anybody, which is so freeing.
Candace Bushnell - I think a young woman's relationship with her father is really important.
Candice Olson - The perfect antidote to dark, cold and creepy is light, warm and cozy.
Candice Olson - Why have one chandelier when you can have two?
Candice Olson - With every bathroom renovation, there are three areas that I focus on: budget, function and style.
Candice Olson - I tell people marriage is a compromise, and so are renovations.
Candice Olson - Dining rooms are really all about the table and the chairs.
Candice Olson - In tight quarters, it's important to choose small-scale items.
Candice Olson - The type of renovation I do most often is opening a kitchen to the family room.
Candice Olson - Great French design is often about unexpected touches.
Candice Olson - Clients usually come to me when they want to update the look of an existing room.
Candice Olson - I sort of went into the TV thing kicking and screaming.
Canelo Alvarez - I just love what I do. I'm not worried about any burnout.
Canelo Alvarez - There are great legends and great fighters in the history of Mexico, and there will be more to come.
Canelo Alvarez - I train to fight, to win.
Canelo Alvarez - I don't fear anyone. We don't come to play in this sport.
Canelo Alvarez - You can have the best training, but just feeling full can make you sluggish and cause you to lose.
Canelo Alvarez - I look like this for a reason. I was born this way. It was God-given.
Canelo Alvarez - When I first stepped into the boxing gym, I loved it. I knew it was what I was going to do.
Canelo Alvarez - I'm very happy with what I've accomplished, but we're going for more.
Canelo Alvarez - My job is to train hard, go fight, and do my best.
Canelo Alvarez - For the entirety of my career, I have taken the fights that no one wanted because I fear no man.
Carl Hiaasen - My escape is to just get in a boat and disappear on the water.
Carl Hiaasen - One problem with age is that patience begins to ebb.
Carl Hiaasen - There is no writer's block in a newsroom. There's only unemployment block.
Carl Hiaasen - The greatest sin for a writer is to be boring.
Carl Hiaasen - I've never progressed very far from my days as a smart aleck in middle school.
Carl Hiaasen - My books are character-driven. They're not driven by the story.
Carl Hiaasen - It's easy to get distracted by the vaudevillian aspects of the healthcare debate.
Carl Hiaasen - Humor can be an incredible, lacerating and effective weapon.
Carl Hiaasen - The one word that no politician will ever speak, is 'enough.' Enough.
Carl Hiaasen - I won't be making any friends in the corporate suites.
Carla Gugino - My favorite thing is to have a big dinner with friends and talk about life.
Carla Gugino - I love doing serious movies for adults.
Carla Gugino - I'm a huge Wong Kar-Wai fan.
Carla Gugino - I feel like I'm the only person - or woman, at least - who hasn't read 'Fifty Shades of Grey.'
Carla Gugino - I'm a sensualist. My two main indulgences are dark chocolate and massages.
Carla Gugino - My father and my mother separated when I was two.
Carla Gugino - I kind of knew it wasn't going to be until my 30s that I really hit my stride as an actor.
Carla Gugino - I'll always take an artistic endeavor over a career move.
Carla Gugino - Sexuality is one of the biggest parts of who we are.
Carla Gugino - I think I'm always trying to subvert conventions, and sometimes it's more successful than others.
Carli Lloyd - I've kept to myself, I've put my head down. I've gone to work. And I have felt undervalued.
Carli Lloyd - Playing in Wembley Stadium in front of 83-some-thousand fans to win a gold medal was unreal.
Carli Lloyd - I don't run on the treadmill, because there's no treadmill moving for you on the soccer field.
Carli Lloyd - I went from a player who was never fit to a person who actually worked hard to get myself in shape.
Carli Lloyd - If you're quiet, and you don't speak out, you're never going to get anything accomplished.
Carli Lloyd - I've taken great pride in not being fragile.
Carli Lloyd - I really hate drama. It's draining; it's mentally draining. It's a waste of time.
Carli Lloyd - I'm loyal. I'm real. I'm not afraid to say what I'm thinking.
Carli Lloyd - As a player, you just want to focus on controlling the controllables.
Carli Lloyd - I love shopping! It's my release sometimes.
Carlos Fuentes - I am a literary animal. For me, everything ends in literature.
Carlos Fuentes - What the United States does best is to understand itself. What it does worst is understand others.
Carlos Fuentes - My system for staying young is to work a lot, to always have a project on the go.
Carlos Fuentes - The United States condoned dictatorships in Latin America for much of the 20th century.
Carlos Fuentes - Perfect order is the forerunner of perfect horror.
Carlos Fuentes - I use a lot of film images, analogies, and imagination.
Carlos Fuentes - Writing requires the concentration of the writer, demands that nothing else be done except that.
Carlos Fuentes - I must write the book out in my head now, before I sit down.
Carlos Fuentes - I started my own magazine with drawings, commentary, news, film reviews and drawings.
Carlos Fuentes - The United States is very good at understanding itself, and very bad at understanding others.
Carly Rae Jepsen - I like to mix and match vintage with designer. It's how I create my own style.
Carly Rae Jepsen - I'm a little bit of a hippie at heart, so I always wear things that are comfortable and flowing.
Carly Rae Jepsen - I do think grand gestures are a hit and miss, especially for girls.
Carly Rae Jepsen - I really like guys who have confidence, but not the cocky over-the-top confidence.
Carly Rae Jepsen - I have so many gay friends that I love.
Carly Rae Jepsen - I know my music is going well when I don't have insomnia.
Carly Rae Jepsen - The airport paparazzi kind of wigs me out a little bit.
Carly Rae Jepsen - My music is bejewelled, it's colourful, it's romantic, it shines.
Carly Rae Jepsen - I waited for my first kiss.
Carly Rae Jepsen - My tactic is to make eyes at someone.
Carmen Electra - I want someone who can keep me on my toes, has a good sense of humor and a good heart.
Carmen Electra - I love to go get fireworks, even though some of them are illegal.
Carmen Electra - I have a constant sweet tooth, so I like anything from the bakery, like cupcakes, cookies.
Carmen Electra - I love doing comedy - I get a laugh out of it, it's not so serious.
Carmen Electra - I know I'm not perfect.
Carmen Electra - For some reason if we hear 100 praises and one criticism, we focus on that one hurtful thing.
Carmen Electra - I love kids. I just love kids. They put you in a good mood and they are so full of life.
Carmen Electra - When anything bad happens, my insecurities come flooding out.
Carmen Electra - People who know me know I have a sense of humor that can really push the envelope.
Carmen Electra - I like everything loud, over the top, dramatic.
Carnie Wilson - The evening is really hard for me. I have to force myself not to eat.
Carnie Wilson - I have willpower and determination. I am very resilient, like rock.
Carnie Wilson - It's not just being overweight that's dangerous. Stress is dangerous.
Carnie Wilson - Becoming famous is a strange thing in your own right.
Carnie Wilson - Medication can help us live a happier life.
Carnie Wilson - Do I wish I could retire? Sure, but that's not life.
Carnie Wilson - There's a huge emotional component to weight loss.
Carnie Wilson - I mean, moderation, not deprivation. That's my new way of living.
Carnie Wilson - Certain foods no longer agree with me. If I eat French fries, I might feel sick to my stomach.
Carnie Wilson - I don't know how to relax, that's my problem.
Carol Ann Duffy - I still read Donne, particularly his love poems.
Carol Ann Duffy - Poetry and prayer are very similar.
Carol Ann Duffy - I like to think that I'm a sort of poet for our times.
Carol Ann Duffy - I always wanted a child. Being a mother is the central thing in my life.
Carol Ann Duffy - If we think of what's up ahead, with climate change and wars over water, it's very frightening.
Carol Ann Duffy - Edinburgh is my favourite city. We'll be doing a lot of children's theatre and galleries.
Carol Ann Duffy - Between 9am and 3pm is when I work most intensely.
Carol Ann Duffy - Every day is a gift with a child, no matter what problems you have.
Carol Ann Duffy - I write in that space between Ella's childhood and mine. I know it all sounds a bit sinister.
Carol Ann Duffy - My prose is turgid, it just hasn't got any energy.
Carol Vorderman - The first couple of days on the detox diet aren't pleasant.
Carol Vorderman - My bottom is so big it's got its own gravitational field.
Carol Vorderman - For now I'm building up stories for the retirement home!
Carol Vorderman - Everything has to be organised for kids in London - you can't just walk three roads to see a friend.
Carol Vorderman - Change is one of my favourite words.
Carol Vorderman - I'm very pleased how my children have turned out.
Carol Vorderman - Most people have the wrong idea about me because I've been very private.
Carol Vorderman - I drive a tiny Toyota iQ. I'm quite frugal and often cut my own hair.
Carol Vorderman - I would never say never to marrying again but for the time being I'm having a great time.
Carol Vorderman - After 30 years of television, I want to play more than I used to.
Caroline Kennedy - When you make the right decision, it doesn't really matter what anyone else thinks.
Caroline Kennedy - As much as we need a prosperous economy, we also need a prosperity of kindness and decency.
Caroline Kennedy - Change isn't easy, it takes time.
Caroline Kennedy - In my family in particular, I think, there was a sense we have to work twice as hard.
Caroline Kennedy - I know how important it is to, you know, to be my own person.
Caroline Kennedy - I enjoy writing. I enjoy that kind of process.
Caroline Kennedy - I think that the presidency really brings out the best in a lot of people.
Caroline Kennedy - I have a lifelong devotion to public service.
Caroline Kennedy - Growing up in politics I know that women decide all elections because we do all the work.
Caroline Kennedy - Poetry is really a way of sharing feelings and ideas.
Caroline Rhea - Someone told me that when they go to Vermont, they feel like they're home. I'm that way at Saks.
Caroline Rhea - I've got big feet, so filling someone else's big shoes doesn't scare me.
Caroline Rhea - I am conversational - I just like to engage and talk about things.
Caroline Rhea - I guess I feel like somebody flipped a switch, and the whole world is in Technicolor now.
Caroline Rhea - I always like to think I'm having a dinner party, and I'm the host, and the audience are my guests.
Caroline Rhea - You can't get any braver than going on national television to be weighed.
Caroline Rhea - I'll be a host for life!
Caroline Rhea - I grew up thinking that if I wanted to go be prime minister, I could.
Caroline Rhea - I was just the youngest in the family, and most in desperate need of attention.
Caroline Rhea - As a kid, I always wanted to be Carol Burnett or Johnny Carson. I love to chat and entertain.
Carre Otis - It not unusual for women with anorexia to suffer heart attacks.
Carre Otis - I bicycle 12,000-foot mountain passes, run, cross train, skate-ski, hike and mountain bike.
Carre Otis - I am a daughter, a sister, a wife and a mother. I am a friend of women and I am their advocate.
Carre Otis - Life is full of change and uncertainty. We know this. We experience it on a daily basis.
Carre Otis - I had my first seizure, and I had to go in for heart surgery.
Carre Otis - Many women who have anorexia put their hearts in a compromised situation.
Carre Otis - My weight fluctuated when I was 30, and I did the unthinkable - I stepped out as a plus-sized model.
Carre Otis - I didn't know what to do with calories.
Carre Otis - When you become a parent, it's not all about you anymore.
Carre Otis - I've found that balance is key. I'm no longer an extremist in any one direction.
Carrot Top - When I told my friends I was going to be a comedian, they laughed at me.
Carrot Top - Carrot Top is a nickname that people call me and I thought that it was more marketable.
Carrot Top - My way of fitting in was through jokes and making people laugh.
Carrot Top - It's weird, I never wish anything bad upon anybody, except two or three old girlfriends.
Carrot Top - I was the class clown at school, but at home, my family wasn't very funny.
Carrot Top - It's our nature: Human beings like success but they hate successful people.
Carrot Top - People always want to put a label on you; they always want to compare you to something.
Carrot Top - People do give me a hard time about my hair because it's orange and it's big.
Carrot Top - I have a home in Orlando. That's kind of my default 'getaway' city.
Carrot Top - I don't want to be known just as 'Carrot Top.' I don't always want to be this crazy, goofy guy.
Carson Kressley - We did a whole fraternity house. We made them over.
Carson Kressley - Challenge yourself, jump off the deep end and learn to swim.
Carson Kressley - I hoped I could make people smile and laugh and have a good time.
Carson Kressley - I learned how to dance. I got a free spray tan. My life is good!
Carson Kressley - I am not much about rules, I like to break 'em and don't like to make 'em.
Carson Kressley - I was into Barbie and designer jeans.
Carson Kressley - Show's going well. New season starting, we're on the road.
Carson Kressley - It's incredibly hard to program a network from scratch for 24 hours.
Carson Kressley - I love fashion, but it's always been my job, whereas horseriding is my hobby.
Carson Kressley - Compare yourself to yourself and say, 'How can I be better? How can I be the real me?'
Carter Burwell - The flow of Guiness into the studio was inspirational as well as nutritive.
Carter Burwell - I prefer a life in which we don't take ourselves too seriously.
Carter Burwell - I don't personally see my work as being dark. What interests me is a balance between light and dark.
Carter Burwell - Big Sur is at the end of the continent. It attracts really crazy people.
Carter Burwell - I write music to please myself. Hopefully the director's enjoying it too.
Carter Burwell - There is not much irony when people are being happy on screen.
Carter Burwell - I don't find myself lobbying for projects. Filmmakers almost always come to me.
Carter Burwell - Death is always around the corner, but often our society gives it inordinate help.
Carter Burwell - When the systems we expect to help us actually hurt us, we have tragedy.
Carter Burwell - If not bliss, ignorance can at least be fun.
Cary Grant - To succeed with the opposite sex, tell her you're impotent. She can't wait to disprove it.
Cary Grant - Do your job and demand your compensation - but in that order.
Cary Grant - Everyone wants to be Cary Grant. Even I want to be Cary Grant.
Cary Grant - Insanity runs in my family. It practically gallops.
Cary Grant - Ah, beware of snobbery; it is the unwelcome recognition of one's own past failings.
Cary Grant - When people tell you how young you look, they are telling you how old you are.
Cary Grant - I pretended to be somebody I wanted to be until finally I became that person. Or he became me.
Cary Grant - Divorce is a game played by lawyers.
Cary Grant - I think that making love is the best form of exercise.
Cary Grant - My father used to say, 'Let them see you and not the suit. That should be secondary.'
Casey Affleck - I have a very bad relationship with mice.
Casey Affleck - I'm tired of playing the brat.
Casey Affleck - In a movie we try to deceive. In theaters, as they say, the deceived are the wisest.
Casey Affleck - I have friends who remember seeing fish hauled onto a boat's deck and beaten to death.
Casey Affleck - People should try eating no animal products for just ONE DAY a week.
Casey Affleck - I tricked myself into doing this movie.
Casey Affleck - If I can't see the humor in it, how am I going to be funny?
Casey Affleck - You sleep with people all the time that you hate.
Casey Affleck - Why can't people just say they were moved? Why do they have to say it's sappy?
Casey Affleck - I like studio movies; I love big commercial movies.
Cassadee Pope - I started singing when I was four years old; that was the first time I took a voice lesson.
Cassadee Pope - I love when people cover songs that are familiar but have been kind of forgotten about.
Cassadee Pope - I'm not the best at expressing my feelings other than in songs or on paper.
Cassadee Pope - I love 'Ocean Avenue' by Yellowcard. That's always been one of my favorites.
Cassadee Pope - I am writing things on my own, but I really believe co-writing makes you a better writer.
Cassadee Pope - The first album I owned was probably a Backstreet Boys album, and shortly after was Shania Twain.
Cassadee Pope - Growing up in Florida was really amazing. I spent most my time at the beach.
Cassadee Pope - I've learned to really just trust my gut and to go with what I really feel inside.
Cassadee Pope - I'm not trying to claim I'm a country singer, but I do love country music.
Cassadee Pope - I want to sell music, and I want radio to play my songs.
Cat Deeley - I don't shop because I need something, I just shop for shopping's sake.
Cat Deeley - I hate last-minute shopping, it's always unsuccessful.
Cat Deeley - I'm getting comfortable with West Coast style, which is more laid-back than British style.
Cat Deeley - I can't lie... My face always gives me away. I'm also pathetically bad at poker!
Cat Deeley - I'll never stop appreciating how lucky I am.
Cat Deeley - I love people who are very honest and very open and don't pretend to be anything they're not.
Cat Deeley - I don't host a show and go, 'Have you got my best angle?'
Cat Deeley - I find great lighting and a squint of the eyes makes anyone look better.
Cat Deeley - Being famous hasn't changed my perception of myself - I've just grown up.
Cat Deeley - I don't even own my own name on the internet - somebody else bought it.
Cat Power - Life is hard and it gets worse and worse and worse.
Cat Power - Everybody tends to think I'm crazy, which is the biggest problem in my life.
Cat Power - I got more guts than brains, and that's my problem.
Cat Power - I'm not a professional entertainer. I'm not Neil Diamond.
Cat Power - I've never had a clique. It's impossible when you're always traveling.
Cat Power - I've always dressed like a dude.
Cat Power - I am human and I make mistakes.
Cat Power - I moved to Los Angeles to be with a man I loved.
Cat Power - I need to be able to face things.
Cat Power - People and their religions don't affect me.
Catherine Deneuve - I get irritated, nervous, very tense or stressed, but never bored.
Catherine Deneuve - People who know me know I'm strong, but I'm vulnerable.
Catherine Deneuve - Love is suffering. One side always loves more.
Catherine Deneuve - In America you need a bodyguard to go out.
Catherine Deneuve - I live very normally, I go out with my friends, we go to the movies, I queue, we go to restaurants.
Catherine Deneuve - I like being famous when it's convenient for me and completely anonymous when it's not.
Catherine Deneuve - Opportunities are often things you haven't noticed the first time around.
Catherine Deneuve - All women who kill or have sexual obsessions or who are prostitutes have trouble with their fathers.
Catherine Deneuve - A lot of actors don't like to see how they've done every day.
Catherine Deneuve - It's very difficult for me to speak about being an actor.
Catherine Hardwicke - When I read the 'Twilight' book, I didn't see it as fantasy. I saw it as a love story.
Catherine Hardwicke - So many images are saying to girls, 'Show a lot of skin and look gorgeous and sexy.'
Catherine Hardwicke - People love to talk, so let them have fun talking.
Catherine Hardwicke - There's so many versions of 'Red Riding Hood.' It goes back 700 years.
Catherine Hardwicke - Nowadays, to get a movie greenlit, you have to make an incredible effort.
Catherine Hardwicke - I try to learn on each project, try to really feel what the characters are feeling.
Catherine Hardwicke - I think at any age, you can stay open and creative and excited.
Catherine Hardwicke - For a film, when you condense, you don't want to keep going back to the same setting over and over.
Catherine Hardwicke - We can learn from everybody.
Catherine Hardwicke - You don't watch 'A Beautiful Mind' and say, 'This is how every mathematician is.'
Catherine Tate - Nothing prompts creativity like poverty, a feeling of hopelessness, and a bit of panic.
Catherine Tate - I don't like tea! Never have, never drunk it.
Catherine Tate - I've realised I need a gnawing, nagging, anxious doubt when I wake at 4 A.M.
Catherine Tate - Few things focus the mind like fear.
Catherine Tate - I'm not frightened of a bit of silence.
Catherine Tate - Although I was a shy child, I was also a bit flamboyant.
Catherine Tate - That's the poisoned chalice: when you're shy, people assume you're arrogant.
Catherine Tate - I was not a 'Doctor Who' fan. As a kid, I thought it was scary and for boys.
Catherine Tate - At my core, the glass isn't half-empty - it's not even what I ordered in the first place.
Catherine Tate - No one got anywhere by being too scared to open their mouth in case nobody laughed.
Chad Hurley - Video is the most interesting and engaging way to share an idea with others.
Chad Hurley - As long as I can remember, I was drawing or trying to create something.
Chad Hurley - Google has a great product. They've built a great business.
Chad Hurley - YouTube is committed to balancing the needs of the fan community with those of copyright holders.
Chad Hurley - Video is universal and allows people around the world to communicate and exchange ideas.
Chad Hurley - Video gives people a voice.
Chad Hurley - There's always going to be a place for YouTube.
Chad Hurley - Whenever you're the leader in any industry, you get more headlines.
Chad Hurley - Content begets content.
Chad Hurley - Everyone wants to be recognized.
Chad Kelly - I've been through a lot; that I have.
Chad Kelly - I dream big. I think big. I try to go out and do it as big as I can.
Chad Kelly - People have sacrificed more to make me be happy than I could ever dream of.
Chad Kelly - I feel as if we have the best team in the country. You've got to have that feeling.
Chad Kelly - In order to get to where I want to be, I have to do the right things off the field, first.
Chad Kelly - Everybody's watching when you're the quarterback. The other players see how much you want it.
Chad Kelly - You just have to keep coming to work in order to be the best.
Chad Kelly - I don't take anything for granted.
Chad Kelly - If you're the quarterback and want to be the best on the field, you've got to act like it.
Chad Kelly - Everything happens for a reason. But I would love to still be at Clemson.
Chaka Khan - Walking through this life really is walking through fire.
Chaka Khan - If I love a song, I make it mine.
Chaka Khan - You know, it's just tough to get together and do work with somebody.
Chaka Khan - I think the whole reason for my life is in there somewhere.
Chaka Khan - Getting a degree, being on Sesame Street... those were like real accomplishments to me.
Chaka Khan - Well. I'm probably not loving myself like I should, but I'm really trying.
Chaka Khan - I've always struggled so much just to appreciate myself.
Chaka Khan - To me, this degree was an acknowledgment of my work in music.
Chaka Khan - I'd like to work on putting art programs back in schools.
Chaka Khan - I love to sing. It's the easiest thing for me to do.
Charles Dance - You have to be selfish to be an actor.
Charles Dance - Politics is the most corrupt profession on Earth, no matter where you are.
Charles Dance - We had five goats, two dogs, a cat and racks of commentaries on Shakespeare.
Charles Dance - When you get to a certain age, the work begins to thin out.
Charles Dance - Most films are written and made with a hero around 35, or even 25.
Charles Dance - I'm playing one of the principal roles, which gives you more clout and more confidence.
Charles Dance - I phoned this number and said, Please, sir, I want to be an actor.
Charles Dance - You have to attempt to be objective about yourself.
Charles Dance - I've got a range as an actor! There was a time I played dramatic leading men.
Charles Dance - Power is always a corrupting influence.
Charley Pride - Once your name becomes well known, politicians come courting.
Charley Pride - I was always a dreamer, in childhood especially. People thought I was a little strange.
Charley Pride - I grew up not liking my father very much. I never saw him cry. But he must have. Everybody cries.
Charley Pride - Performing is an experience, for me, that is as humbling as it is energizing.
Charley Pride - Fans will praise you, scold you, and offer helpful advice. Fans will also defend you.
Charley Pride - A black man singing about a blond girl was potential trouble.
Charley Pride - Chet Atkins... is probably the best guitar player who ever lived.
Charley Pride - There is an intimacy about the Opry Theater that gives an entertainer a special charge.
Charley Pride - Too many religious organizations are in the business of enforcing beliefs.
Charley Pride - There are worse things than being thought a Republican.
Charlie Cox - I am incredibly self-deprecating. It stems from self-doubt.
Charlie Cox - I think the danger is to try and please everyone.
Charlie Cox - Of all the London theatres, the Donmar is the dream.
Charlie Cox - Claire Danes is lovely and a really great actress.
Charlie Cox - My reaction when I hear the word 'celebrity' is, 'Who, me?' It doesn't feel like I'm famous.
Charlie Cox - I'd love to play Spiderman, but I'm definitely too old for that role now.
Charlie Cox - I'm grateful I know what it's like to be unemployed for long periods of time.
Charlie Cox - If you want to play a complex, turmoiled character, then give him a dose of Catholicism.
Charlie Cox - I love to do cardio. I like to run and sweat a lot, and I think that's quite helpful.
Charlie Cox - I didn't grow up on comics, and I read very few.
Charlie Haden - You can't be at your full creative power if you are sedated.
Charlie Haden - I just see myself as a human being that's concerned about life.
Charlie Haden - I can write a song about my hero Che Guevara and call it 'Song for Che.'
Charlie Haden - People ask me how could I go from country to jazz. It's been a natural convergence for me.
Charlie Haden - Some tracks are with quartet and some tracks are with synthesizer.
Charlie Haden - I just sit down at the piano and rattle it off.
Charlie Haden - I grew up around guitar players.
Charlie Haden - Mostly I play with records. I play with my friend Bill Evans.
Charlie Haden - Bluegrass is in my blood and in my ears.
Charlie Haden - I didn't play a lot of bass as a kid, but I sang it.
Charlie Hunnam - It's generally more fun playing the villain.
Charlie Hunnam - No, I do a bunch of things to entertain myself. I paint, I make music, I take photographs.
Charlie Hunnam - English people are always surprised I'm English.
Charlie Hunnam - If I have a long period of time away from acting, I tend to write.
Charlie Hunnam - I love hip hop music, I make hip hop music.
Charlie Hunnam - In a work capacity I'm only interested in acting and producing.
Charlie Hunnam - I bought a house, and I've been decorating it.
Charlie Hunnam - I'm reading scripts, desperately wanting to work. I've set a couple of things up for next year.
Charlie Hunnam - The truth of the matter is the real industry is in LA and the cream of the talent is there.
Charlie Hunnam - And I just want to work with good directors and good people.
Charlie Kaufman - I was trying to figure out what a memory feels like.
Charlie Kaufman - You are what you love. Not what loves you.
Charlie Kaufman - I feel like I want to keep moving toward idiosyncracy. Personal, personal, personal.
Charlie Kaufman - I like titles that are a little difficult, because it's kind of counterintuitive.
Charlie Kaufman - I'm not into extreme sports or something. I just live a quiet life.
Charlie Kaufman - I do like escapism. I like going to the movies on a Friday night and seeing something fun.
Charlie Kaufman - Constantly talking isn't necessarily communicating.
Charlie Kaufman - Sometimes I don't like the books that I'm reading.
Charlie Kaufman - I'm in my mind a lot. I live there.
Charlie Kaufman - I do have, at different times, a certain kind of self-consciousness in the world, an insecurity.
Charlie Rose - The question is just as important as the answer.
Charlie Rose - I'm an only child, so I don't even have nieces or nephews.
Charlie Rose - Richard Serra, the great sculptor, personifies an artist for me.
Charlie Rose - The great regret of my life is that I didn't have children.
Charlie Rose - I want to challenge people to find out who they are.
Charlie Rose - I think the long interview has an important life.
Charlie Rose - The person I've always wanted to interview but never met was Richard Burton.
Charlie Rose - I don't talk about my politics. I am registered as an independent.
Charlie Rose - My parents had a great work ethic.
Charlie Rose - I'm flattered by the fact that most people tell me they don't know what my politics are.
Charlie Trotter - When I graduated I wasn't sure what I wanted to do, but I knew I didn't want a conventional career.
Charlie Trotter - I have always considered desserts to be of equal importance to the savory food.
Charlie Trotter - I believe in focusing on details.
Charlie Trotter - One must know combinations, one must have a true knowledge of food to be in the moment.
Charlie Trotter - A quarter century of running a restaurant - that's a long time to do one thing.
Charlie Trotter - My parents couldn't be looser. It was the ultimate laissez faire upbringing.
Charlie Trotter - The idea that you have to pursue greatness... it's up to you; it's your life.
Charlie Trotter - You've got to give away what you love.
Charlie Trotter - Cooking is exactly like making music.
Charlie Trotter - To me, searching for perfection isn't anywhere near as interesting as trying to find your own voice.
Charlotte Casiraghi - Being a great horseman does not rely on physical strength but more on the mind and sensibility.
Charlotte Casiraghi - I need both to feel good: the energy of the city and the quietness of the country.
Charlotte Casiraghi - I'm never afraid of using bold colors or glitter or a stronger lipstick.
Charlotte Casiraghi - I have no particular formula for staying private.
Charlotte Casiraghi - Personally, fresh air and exercise help me stay healthy and make me feel great!
Charlotte Casiraghi - Eventing is way too dangerous. People get killed every year doing cross-country.
Charlotte Casiraghi - I do not represent any product or any collection.
Charlotte Casiraghi - When I ride, I always like to look neat.
Charlotte Casiraghi - I am fortunate in having people around me who protect me.
Charlotte Casiraghi - I started to ride when I was very young, and it's a sport I have practised for a very long time.
Charlotte Rampling - If words don't have vibration behind them, and a real feeling behind them, then they're just words.
Charlotte Rampling - I did that film just so I could kiss Robert Redford.
Charlotte Rampling - I think what we do best, in the artistic world, are the things where we're handicapped.
Charlotte Rampling - A film based on a jolly good John Grisham book is fine, but I like to get a bit under the skin.
Charlotte Rampling - One mysterious person looking at another mysterious person equals what? Another mystery.
Charlotte Rampling - You can never really judge your work because once it's done, it's done.
Charlotte Rampling - Doing cinema is not about watching yourself.
Charlotte Rampling - You cannot watch yourself dispassionately.
Charlotte Rampling - I think that most actors don't have very good opinions of themselves.
Charlotte Rampling - I could have carried on in comedy. But my life was dark.
Chelsea Cain - There's not a lot of arc in an actual psychopath.
Chelsea Cain - I grew up in Washington State and then eventually found my way back to Iowa City for grad school.
Chelsea Cain - Often we don't even know what we think ourselves about people in our lives.
Chelsea Cain - I read a lot of 'Nancy Drew' books as a kid and considered myself a bit of an amateur detective.
Chelsea Cain - I'm a sucker for a screwed-up protagonist. We all have issues.
Chelsea Cain - Memory is a fiction we tell ourselves: just a piece of the truth.
Chelsea Cain - I was obsessed with Val McDermid's Tony Hill and Carol Jordan books, delightfully twisted stuff.
Chelsea Cain - I was born in Iowa City and spent my early childhood on a hippie commune just outside of town.
Chelsea Cain - You won't make a living writing until you learn to write when you don't want to.
Chelsea Cain - Of the paperbacks that you see at the airport, I am the most violent woman writer.
Cheryl Cole - I didn't know what I was in for when I joined 'The X Factor' - I underestimated it.
Cheryl Cole - Team spirit spurs me on. I've always found it easier to be strong for other people than for myself.
Cheryl Cole - Sisterhood is important to me.
Cheryl Cole - All I ever wanted was to perform, make music, make videos.
Cheryl Cole - I'm from a big family. I've got 10 nieces and nephews.
Cheryl Cole - I don't trust anybody in my life except my mother and my dogs.
Cheryl Cole - I still am very street - I just have nicer clothes. I'm not ashamed of that.
Cheryl Cole - I know that is what I was put on Earth to do - to be a mother.
Cheryl Cole - I'm not one of those people who holds a grudge about anything.
Cheryl Cole - I just don't get boys; I don't really get men.
Chet Faker - All my ego wants is to be sitting by a lake in Italy. It doesn't want to be backstage, warming up.
Chet Faker - You can turn something into art just because of the way you tell people to look at it.
Chet Faker - I love that way dance music can put you in a trance.
Chet Faker - Learning to appreciate those things that aren't related to success has proved the biggest lesson.
Chet Faker - I'm a humanist at heart: at the end of the day, we are all human beings.
Chet Faker - Hype is a good thing, but it can also be a bad thing if you aren't prepared to back it up.
Chet Faker - I love performing. The more I do it, the more I grow into it.
Chet Faker - My high school career counsellor said I shouldn't pursue music as a career.
Chet Faker - I second guess everything I do musically, and I often could spend hours on, say, one snare sound.
Chet Faker - I'd wear all APC if I could afford it and wasn't embarrassing to go head-to-toe in one brand.
China Mieville - I don't like allegory.
China Mieville - I think science fiction is very bad at prediction.
China Mieville - Ever since I was two, I've loved octopuses, monsters, abandoned buildings.
China Mieville - I love monsters.
China Mieville - I love it when people want to interpret my books.
China Mieville - I'm a very friendly socialist.
China Mieville - I like the idea of trying to write a book in every genre.
China Mieville - I remember vividly what it's like to read as a 10-year-old - that passionate inhabiting of a book.
China Mieville - I'm a science fiction and fantasy geek.
China Mieville - I'd never been to a science-fiction convention until I became a professional writer.
Chino Moreno - When I see old friends, I'm very excited.
Chino Moreno - Deja vu is one of the weirdest things that happens to me. It boggles my mind.
Chino Moreno - I don't watch TV. In my spare time, if I have any, I want to make music.
Chino Moreno - Anything I do with Team Sleep, I'd do with Deftones as well.
Chino Moreno - The Butcherettes are led by a female singer, and they're sort of wild.
Chino Moreno - For me, the best part of being in a band is playing shows, all the raw energy.
Chino Moreno - I just happened to wind up in a metal band when I was 15.
Chino Moreno - I've always had a deep passion for a lot of early electronic and sampled music.
Chino Moreno - I've always tried to stay clear of being labeled, putting a label on what type of music that I make.
Chino Moreno - I grew up listening to so much different pop and stuff other than just aggressive music.
Chitra Banerjee Divakaruni - I like being myself. Maybe just slimmer, with a few less wrinkles.
Chitra Banerjee Divakaruni - I took a little break after 'The Palace of Illusions' to clear my head.
Chitra Banerjee Divakaruni - I want my books to force readers to recognise the fact that a woman is a human being just like them.
Chitra Banerjee Divakaruni - I hate it when people throw away food - I've seen too many hungry people.
Chitra Banerjee Divakaruni - To make money for college, I worked in our college dining room.
Chitra Banerjee Divakaruni - With the strong women I write about, I want to create a sense of strong possibilities.
Chitra Banerjee Divakaruni - I'm too careful with money - comes out of being poor for several years while growing up.
Chitra Banerjee Divakaruni - To some extent, I draw on what I see around me; in other places, I imagine what I write.
Chitra Banerjee Divakaruni - To me, characters are at the heart of great literature.
Chitra Banerjee Divakaruni - I have no particular reader in mind, but a passionate desire to tell an honest, moving story.
Chloe Grace Moretz - No matter how big you are in the business, at the end of the day it's still work.
Chloe Grace Moretz - The best thing about having four big brothers is you always have someone to do something for you.
Chloe Grace Moretz - There's someone to turn to.
Chloe Grace Moretz - I did about 50 pull-ups and 1,000 crunches a day. Crazy.
Chloe Grace Moretz - You go up for hundreds, thousands of roles, and you get told no, no, no, so many times.
Chloe Grace Moretz - I love getting told no 'cause then I fight even more.
Chloe Grace Moretz - Think about doing a bunch of stunts in leather. What does leather do? It doesn't stretch, it rips.
Chloe Grace Moretz - If acting doesn't work out I'd love to produce, direct, or write.
Chloe Grace Moretz - I was raised to think cursing makes you look unintelligent.
Chloe Grace Moretz - I hope to make acting my career for the rest of my life, if I can.
Chloe Sevigny - I think once you're past 30 you shouldn't wear a lot of glitter.
Chloe Sevigny - I am most proud of my integrity and least proud of my cynicism.
Chloe Sevigny - I don't like to read about myself, whether it be positive or negative.
Chloe Sevigny - I'm a sucker for packaging!
Chloe Sevigny - I know who I am by now. And I am my own brand.
Chloe Sevigny - Even buying a swimsuit is super difficult. And then making one is even harder.
Chloe Sevigny - I've been texting for a year with a couple of guys without ever going on a date with them.
Chloe Sevigny - My room was a real way of expressing myself. It was like a little nest that I could settle into.
Chloe Sevigny - Sadly, I haven't been doing a lot of kissing lately.
Chloe Sevigny - The media loves negative spin.
Chris Colfer - I could never rap, personally. I can't even wrap presents.
Chris Colfer - I was a lone duck in a swan-filled pond who criticized everyone.
Chris Colfer - Not taking yourself too seriously, that's the important thing.
Chris Colfer - My life is an awkward visit from the kids table.
Chris Colfer - I can sing and dance. I can smile - a lot.
Chris Colfer - I'm really not good blackmail material.
Chris Colfer - I'm horrible at auditions anyway. Maybe that's why I never got anything.
Chris Colfer - I was made fun of a lot in high school because of the way I sound and the way I was.
Chris Colfer - I don't personally feel a responsibility to be a role model, but as the actor, I do.
Chris Colfer - I can act... I do a little writing as well. And I'm good at typing. I'm a creative typist, actually.
Chris Gibson - If conservation isn't conservative, then words have no meaning at all.
Chris Gibson - I want to drive down health care costs.
Chris Gibson - The rural nature of our district relies heavily on the profitability of our family farms.
Chris Gibson - When you talk about peace through strength, what you're talking about is the concept of deterrence.
Chris Gibson - You can distill deterrence down to two factors: capability and will.
Chris Gibson - We should roll back Common Core.
Chris Gibson - Churches, synagogues, and mosques should be treated the same.
Chris Gibson - Part of being conservative is judicious conservation of resources, both man-made and natural.
Chris Gibson - We can bring people together in an era rife with partisanship and divide.
Chris Gibson - Any attempt to single out Islam would be a violation of the Constitution.
Chris Hardwick - Comic-Con is nerd Christmas. People go wanting to have fun.
Chris Hardwick - Traditionally nerd-based culture is now a big sector of pop culture.
Chris Hardwick - Real philosophy is like trying to read an alarm system installation manual in Korean.
Chris Hardwick - I had a personal blog, but why does anyone care that I went shopping for hats?
Chris Hardwick - We're not in an information age anymore. We're in the information management age.
Chris Hardwick - I've gone from being bullied by jocks as a kid to being bullied by nerds as an adult.
Chris Hardwick - My best friend, Wil Wheaton, identifies himself as a geek.
Chris Hardwick - Any nerd who grew up around the time that I did, BBC programming was a treasure chest for us.
Chris Hardwick - The lifeblood of YouTube is sharing.
Chris Hardwick - A big company is like trying to steer a luxury liner.
Chris Isaak - I'm in showbusiness. I'm an entertainer.
Chris Isaak - My only expenses are probably guitar strings and records.
Chris Isaak - I'm not the kind of guy to talk about angels: I'm a very pragmatic kind of guy.
Chris Isaak - I blow up fireworks all the time, and I love making milkshakes and banana splits.
Chris Isaak - I put music on and I drive around town.
Chris Isaak - I got by as a musician since day one. I don't live beyond my means. I have real cheap tastes.
Chris Isaak - Any time you talk about your own stuff you sound self-aggrandising.
Chris Isaak - I keep things pretty simple.
Chris Isaak - My advice is: if you've got to be miserable to write great music, then drive a truck.
Chris Isaak - I'm a natural ham. It doesn't bother me to perform.
Chris Kirkpatrick - Now I'm confused. Now I don't know what I want.
Chris Kirkpatrick - I grew up in an underprivileged home.
Chris Kirkpatrick - I'm into designing houses and interior design. I like change. I like creating things out of nothing.
Chris Kirkpatrick - It's all about the special effects.
Chris Kirkpatrick - I was very blessed with 'N Sync. It was a big success and it was a lot of fun.
Chris Kirkpatrick - I'm like a bunch of college guys who got together and said, 'Let's make a dude, a crazy dude'.
Chris Kirkpatrick - I love Eminem, I love Moby. Why can't we just be friends?
Chris Kirkpatrick - I'm very happy and lonely single old man - and bitter.
Chris Kirkpatrick - I love Latin women, yet for some reason I always wind up with blondes.
Chris Kirkpatrick - Everyone says, 'It's just an honor to be nominated,' but that's so not true. You want to win.
Chris Lilley - I don't just want to upset people and shock people by saying something really outrageous.
Chris Lilley - I'll probably be still playing a school girl when I'm 60.
Chris Lilley - I'm pretty lucky. I don't get too many haters.
Chris Lilley - It's pretty awful being told you're a racist.
Chris Lilley - British comedy fans go crazy.
Chris Lilley - I feel really qualified to write about Australia.
Chris Lilley - I think surprises make TV entertaining.
Chris Lilley - It takes me ages to write stuff.
Chris Lilley - I find teenage girls endlessly funny.
Chris Lilley - I like playing all sorts of ages and genders.
Chris O'Dowd - A guy who's actually self destructive is quite fun to play.
Chris O'Dowd - Social media is great, I guess, but it feels like technology is the sapper of innocence.
Chris O'Dowd - I grew up among strong women so I know what it's like to be loved and humiliated in a heartbeat.
Chris O'Dowd - When I say I hate nostalgia, I hate things set in the recent past where everything is shiny and new.
Chris O'Dowd - What I think improv is great for is making dialogue more natural.
Chris O'Dowd - I never go to these showbiz parties. I avoid them with a 10-inch pole.
Chris O'Dowd - Reviewers are the worst laughers in the world.
Chris O'Dowd - There tends to be a jealousy in England towards countries that are successful.
Chris O'Dowd - I'm more like a spoon symbol. I think women just want to spoon me.
Chris O'Dowd - In comedy it helps if there's a friendly atmosphere on the set.
Chris Squire - A nightmare is two bassists on stage.
Chris Squire - You're only as big as your last hit.
Chris Squire - After awhile, you start realizing that change is good for you. It's healthy.
Chris Squire - I hope, after I'm gone, there will still be a Yes.
Chris Squire - Pull the good out of it and not worry about the drawbacks.
Chris Squire - '90125' was our biggest-selling album worldwide.
Chris Squire - People are used to us being onstage for a while.
Chris Squire - Over the years, Yes actually made 20 albums of original studio material.
Chris Squire - I couldn't get session work because most musicians hated my style.
Chris Squire - We started Yes as a vehicle to develop everyone's individual styles.
Chris Van Allsburg - I write for what's left of the eight-year-old still rattling around inside my head.
Chris Van Allsburg - I don't like to travel. Yet all my books seem to involve a journey.
Chris Van Allsburg - I'm always a bit disappointed when I've finished working on a book.
Chris Van Allsburg - I have very positive memories of reading biographies of unusual Americans as a child.
Chris Van Allsburg - I'm not a perfectionist. I'm just very observant.
Chris Van Allsburg - I think it's difficult to forget things that are unresolved.
Chris Van Allsburg - I like the gizmos that transport people.
Chris Van Allsburg - Even the most complicated stories start with a very simple premise.
Chris Van Allsburg - Authors of books are not given very much control over the films that are made from their books.
Chris Van Allsburg - The idea of the extraordinary happening in the context of the ordinary is what's fascinating to me.
Chris Young - I don't think breakups are ever easy for anybody. If they are, they aren't much of a breakup.
Chris Young - I'm a huge fantasy football fan.
Chris Young - Social media is a very, very powerful tool. It also gives power to tools.
Chris Young - I really love something that's strong vocally and a little more difficult to sing because it's fun.
Chris Young - I played a funeral convention once. York Casket Company pays well, in case anyone's wondering!
Chris Young - It's amazing to me how often the answer to making something sound better is to play something less.
Chris Young - I'm a sucker for a sad song.
Chris Young - I'm really loud. I can't sing softly.
Chris Young - I go home, and there's dust on everything because I'm never there.
Chris Young - Finding new books to read and relaxing is what I enjoy when I do have some time to spend on my own.
Chrissy Teigen - If I'm going to eat fast food, I'm going to McDonald's. I don't need to pretend.
Chrissy Teigen - That's one thing I get neurotic about: I need my soup to be crazy hot.
Chrissy Teigen - I feel like part of me will die when John Goodman dies.
Chrissy Teigen - I'll come in from a long flight and go straight to the grocery store. I love cooking for my man.
Chrissy Teigen - I'm the farthest thing from a foodie or a food snob. Those people terrify me.
Chrissy Teigen - Making food is a wonderful way to spend a Friday night.
Chrissy Teigen - I work out every day. I still feel fit and energetic. In a way, I'm healthier now that I'm pregnant.
Chrissy Teigen - I always get to eat what I want because if I don't, I go insane.
Chrissy Teigen - I'm not good at taking pictures. I can't give a good face. I crack up.
Chrissy Teigen - I think, like, Twitter is somewhat difficult sometimes, and it can be kind of negative.
Christa McAuliffe - I touch the future. I teach.
Christa McAuliffe - Reach for it. Push yourself as far as you can.
Christa McAuliffe - I really don't want to say goodbye to any of you people.
Christa McAuliffe - Reach for the stars.
Christa McAuliffe - Space is going to be commonplace.
Christa McAuliffe - Every shuttle mission's been successful.
Christa McAuliffe - When I'm 60, maybe, I'll look at my pile of papers and wonder, What really happened that year?
Christa McAuliffe - My sympathies have always been for working-class people.
Christa McAuliffe - If anything, the overriding emotion is gonna just be excitement.
Christa McAuliffe - If anything happened, I think my husband would have to deal with that as the time came.
Christian Lacroix - There are days when I'm completely depressed and able to do only one drawing.
Christian Lacroix - The world needs some excitement from fashion.
Christian Lacroix - I am not nostalgic for the past.
Christian Lacroix - I look for friends who make me laugh.
Christian Lacroix - But the Milanese have made bad choices, bad fashion, and bad jewelry.
Christian Lacroix - We all look for lost time.
Christian Lacroix - There's always some kind of hidden logic.
Christian Lacroix - The idea of seeing everybody clad the same is not really my cup of tea.
Christian Lacroix - Very skinny women don't look beautiful in clothes.
Christian Lacroix - I never loved the world around me as it was.
Christian Nestell Bovee - Next to being witty, the best thing is being able to quote another's wit.
Christian Nestell Bovee - Panic is a sudden desertion of us, and a going over to the enemy of our imagination.
Christian Nestell Bovee - Earth took her shining station as a star, In Heaven's dark hall, high up the crowd of worlds.
Christian Nestell Bovee - Heaven lent you a soul, Earth will lend a grave.
Christian Nestell Bovee - As threshing separates the wheat from the chaff, so does affliction purify virtue.
Christian Nestell Bovee - Music is the fourth great material want, first food, then clothes, then shelter, then music.
Christian Nestell Bovee - The great artist is a slave to his ideals.
Christian Nestell Bovee - Our first and last love is self-love.
Christian Nestell Bovee - Tranquil pleasures last the longest; we are not fitted to bear the burden of great joys.
Christian Nestell Bovee - Tears are nature's lotion for the eyes. The eyes see better for being washed by them.
Christina Hendricks - I think calling me 'full-figured' is just rude.
Christina Hendricks - I have a problem keeping my mouth shut. I usually speak my mind. I'm trying to learn my lesson.
Christina Hendricks - Sexiness is about being an individual and having conviction about what that is.
Christina Hendricks - I'm either in heels or barefoot.
Christina Hendricks - If I get any private time in my trailer, all of a sudden I'm doing sit-ups and push-ups.
Christina Hendricks - My husband says, 'What Joan walk? You've always walked that way!'
Christina Hendricks - Some of the things people have said about me, well, they're unbelievable.
Christina Hendricks - I just thought I would work in a hair salon and do community theater.
Christina Hendricks - I love anything that's sort of surreal and with fantasy.
Christina Hendricks - Anytime someone talks about your figure constantly, you get nervous; you get really self-conscious.
Christine Gregoire - It's our responsibility to pass on what we inherited, not to squander it, but to build on it.
Christine Gregoire - We need to take advantage of the opportunity we have now to create a vision and become great.
Christine Gregoire - We must work to help all families and all communities realize their dream of a better future.
Christine Gregoire - Education exposes young people to a broader world, a world full of opportunity and hope.
Christine Gregoire - Education is the foundation upon which we build our future.
Christine Gregoire - Education can lift individuals out of poverty and into rewarding careers.
Christine Gregoire - We may disagree on some things, but we can do so without being disagreeable.
Christine Gregoire - I'm free. I'm free to say what I feel.
Christine Gregoire - We all leave personal legacies for the people we know and love.
Christine Gregoire - In the field of health care, we are giving people access to insurance who have not had it before.
Christine Teigen - My biggest goal in life is to not be annoying about being a bride.
Christine Teigen - I'm not an inspirational quote kind of person.
Christine Teigen - Food is really important to me.
Christine Teigen - Seaweed sheets are my go-to for my salty chip cravings, especially wasabi flavored ones.
Christine Teigen - I can't swim, and I actually hate sand.
Christine Teigen - My tolerance for tears is very little when you're beautiful and crying over nothing.
Christine Teigen - Bachelor parties are for the married guys.
Christine Teigen - I act much younger than I am.
Christine Teigen - I'm not good at taking pictures. I can't give a good face. I crack up.
Christine Teigen - I love dress shopping, and I love talking about the wedding food. That's what makes me happy.
Christo - The work of art is a scream of freedom.
Christo - We don't sell technical drawings except when they are incorporated into a drawing or a collage.
Christo - And the most unusual and surrealistic place in New York City is Central Park.
Christo - Because we do not sell photographs, we have no royalties on books, posters, postcards.
Christo - But the drawings are not created only to be sold.
Christo - You see, we are not machines and we do not have lots of ideas in a drawer.
Christo - If some of our works are symphonies, then wrapped walkways was chamber music.
Christo - It appears to be monumental only because it's art.
Christo - Now, there is no way to say how long some projects take, that's our principle.
Christo - Our work is a scream of freedom.
Christoph Waltz - I'm very bad with improvisation. I hate it.
Christoph Waltz - Well, you need the villain. If you don't have a villain, the good guy can stay home.
Christoph Waltz - You're always being cast for what you've been in last.
Christoph Waltz - I only do what I like to do.
Christoph Waltz - By looking into more details of American history, we can make more sense of what's happening today.
Christoph Waltz - Stephen Sondheim I am in awe of.
Christoph Waltz - I take praise as not just a reward and a result but also as the beginning of a new process.
Christoph Waltz - You know, I don't support esoteric approaches to acting.
Christoph Waltz - I'm open to working anywhere, but not on anything.
Christoph Waltz - It's easy to not feel misplaced if this tidal wave of appreciation is coming your way.
Christopher Buckley - We live - on a spinning planet in a world of spin.
Christopher Buckley - I had some adventures at the White House, but hardly enough to fill a full memoir.
Christopher Buckley - I hope when I'm on my deathbed, people forgive me, because there is a lot to forgive.
Christopher Buckley - Lobbyists didn't descend from a spaceship. They evolved organically from the way we do business.
Christopher Buckley - I certainly wish I were as good-looking as Aaron Eckhart.
Christopher Buckley - Necessity is the mother of bipartisanship.
Christopher Buckley - I think I got a lot of my 'funny' DNA from my mother, who had a glorious sense of the ridiculous.
Christopher Buckley - Catch-22's admirers cross boundaries - ideological, generational, geographical.
Christopher Buckley - I am not a political thinker. I'm not even much of a thinker. I'm a hack novelist.
Christopher Buckley - I want Tom Clancy, the Maryland novelist, to write the story of the rest of my life.
Christopher Guest - I'm married to the person I fell in love with.
Christopher Guest - Comedy is like music. You have to know the key and you have to find players with good chops.
Christopher Guest - People who take themselves too seriously, who can't see anything else, are usually funny.
Christopher Guest - I watch mostly documentaries and things that aren't remotely funny.
Christopher Guest - Music means a great deal to me.
Christopher Guest - When I look back on what I've done, I think I'm drawn to obsession, perhaps.
Christopher Guest - I don't know anyone who's ever taken a bus. It's a mysterious form of transportation.
Christopher Guest - The most important thing about my life is this integrity, and you can't lie to yourself.
Christopher Guest - I like to play music, and I like to be funny, so I just do both at the same time.
Christopher Guest - I painted sets before I ever performed.
Christopher Meloni - If you try hard enough, you can bend the spoon; you can shift reality.
Christopher Meloni - I'd have to say Bali's my favorite place that I've visited.
Christopher Meloni - I love feeling the crispness of fall and the sensuality of spring.
Christopher Meloni - I love to act. I need to act. It's the big itch I need to scratch.
Christopher Meloni - I never find sincerity offensive... so, be sincere.
Christopher Meloni - I think to be a successful comic, you have to be exceptionally smart and exceptionally perceptive.
Christopher Meloni - In my own defense, I wrote a one-man show, and that to me was more where I fit.
Christopher Meloni - I love my children beyond all reason. They're my joy, even when they're wild with kid energy.
Christopher Meloni - You can watch any episode you want and have a compelling story being told.
Christopher Meloni - Whoever envisions not one but two series in New York?
Chrystia Freeland - We recognize that NAFTA is a three-country agreement, and we need a three-country negotiation.
Chrystia Freeland - We are all living in a world shaped by Reagan and his ideology of small 'l' liberalism.
Chrystia Freeland - In America, we have equated personal business success with public virtue.
Chrystia Freeland - People don't just want to be rich and successful, they want to be good.
Chrystia Freeland - In practice, getting rid of crony capitalism is incredibly difficult.
Chrystia Freeland - I interviewed Putin himself in 2000, shortly after he took over as president.
Chrystia Freeland - It's good to be good at playing defence, but the best defence is a strong offence.
Chrystia Freeland - I know Russia well.
Chrystia Freeland - I cut my teeth as a journalist writing about societies that didn't have democracy.
Chrystia Freeland - My respect for politicians has increased. It's hard work - even hard physical work.
Chuck Grassley - Maybe I should just go home and ride my tractor.
Chuck Grassley - Someone has to pick up the tab when people get out of repaying their own debts.
Chuck Grassley - Complacency by the watchdogs hurts both taxpayers and beneficiaries.
Chuck Grassley - The bottom line is, there have been a lot of nuts elected to the United States Senate.
Chuck Grassley - If I move one way, I lose a couple votes. If I move another way, I lose a couple votes.
Chuck Grassley - In the case of the Japanese, they usually commit suicide before they make any apology.
Chuck Grassley - I think that less presidential interference the better.
Chuck Grassley - I can only answer for Chuck Grassley; I can't answer for anybody else.
Chuck Grassley - You ought to serve on the platform you run on.
Chuck Grassley - We should not have a government program that determines if you're going to pull the plug on grandma.
Cindy Crawford - Having children really changes your priorities.
Cindy Crawford - I don't have to try to be perfect at everything.
Cindy Crawford - Even in normal life, I'm not the skinniest model.
Cindy Crawford - I have cellulite. I admit it. But sometimes I just say, 'Screw it, I am going to wear a bikini.'
Cindy Crawford - Even I don't wake up looking like Cindy Crawford.
Cindy Crawford - Not that I believe you can have it all: I believe you can have it all, just not at the same time.
Cindy Crawford - I wasn't the most popular girl in school by any means.
Cindy Crawford - Watching your husband become a father is really sexy and wonderful.
Cindy Crawford - I don't think makeup is rocket science or a cure for cancer.
Cindy Crawford - I think a lot of people secretly wish they were a rock star, and I'm no exception.
Cindy Sheehan - I'm just so honored that the universe chose me to be the spark that has set off a raging inferno.
Cindy Sheehan - One of my biggest inspirations is President Hugo Chavez of Venezuela. Yea, President Hugo.
Cindy Sheehan - I take deep breaths and be true to my heart.
Cindy Sheehan - My son joined the army to protect America, not Israel.
Cindy Sheehan - Our country has been overtaken by murderous thugs... gangsters who lust after fortunes and power.
Cindy Sheehan - Many people in San Francisco know me, and they know my persistence.
Cindy Sheehan - My children were the center of my life.
Cindy Sheehan - My son died for lies.
Cindy Sheehan - What is the 'noble cause' for which you sent our country to war?
Cindy Sheehan - Recruiters in our country are known for lying to people.
Claire Denis - 'White Material' is about courage and craziness.
Claire Denis - I'm not witty.
Claire Denis - I hate the victimization of women, always.
Claire Denis - I'm not a tacky person, I think.
Claire Denis - I am the eldest child; it's lonely at the top.
Claire Denis - The history of colonisation cannot disappear.
Claire Denis - It's not that I don't like words. There's sometimes no need for words.
Claire Denis - Africa is no more this poor continent. It's on the march.
Claire Denis - You can spend your whole life in France without ever thinking about the Legion.
Claire Denis - I always thought Vincent Lindon had a sexy body, a body you can trust, a solid body you can lean on.
Claire McCaskill - You have to be willing to offend in order to make progress.
Claire McCaskill - I think, first of all, you know, Washington has a bad habit of a very short attention span.
Claire McCaskill - I have been very independent from day I arrived in Washington.
Claire McCaskill - When the Tea Party comes to town, compromise goes out the door.
Claire McCaskill - I am a small-town girl.
Claire McCaskill - You never know what'll happen in politics.
Claire McCaskill - No commander in chief would ever say, 'I'm not going to listen to the guys on the ground.'
Claire McCaskill - The political system loves the extremes, it doesn't so much show a lot love for the moderates.
Claire McCaskill - Well, I'm wrestling alligators.
Claire McCaskill - I'm asking regular folks to be my super PAC.
Claire Tomalin - After Shakespeare, Dickens is the great creator of characters, multiple characters.
Claire Tomalin - Dickens belongs to the English people.
Claire Tomalin - I would like to have a more social life than I have.
Claire Tomalin - I belong to the Richmond Concert Society, who put on very good concerts.
Claire Tomalin - I always feel sad when I come to the end of a book.
Claire Tomalin - All the people I have written about remain with me - perhaps they are my closest friends.
Claire Tomalin - I continually get more information about a subject after the book has been published.
Claire Tomalin - I think it's about as likely Jane Austen was gay as that she was found out to be a man.
Claire Tomalin - Writing Charles Dickens' biography is like writing five biographies.
Claire Tomalin - The book doesn't end when you finish writing it.
Clarence Clemons - I wanted an electric train for Christmas but I got the saxophone instead.
Clarence Clemons - I do read music, but I prefer playing from the heart.
Clarence Clemons - I look forward to working out every day.
Clarence Clemons - The word spiritual, not the word religious, is the key.
Clarence Clemons - I got into the soul music, but I wanted to rock. I was a rocker.
Clarence Clemons - I have faith in the judicial system.
Clarence Clemons - Cooking is an art form, a creative thing.
Clarence Clemons - God will give you no more than you can handle.
Clarence Clemons - Death is not just the end, it's the beginning.
Clarence Clemons - I visualize what I do before I do it. Visualizing makes me better.
Claude Debussy - A beautiful sunset that was mistaken for a dawn.
Claude Debussy - Works of art make rules; rules do not make works of art.
Claude Debussy - The century of airplanes has a right to its own music.
Claude Debussy - Music is the arithmetic of sounds as optics is the geometry of light.
Claude Debussy - Art is the most beautiful of all lies.
Claude Debussy - Extreme complication is contrary to art.
Claude Debussy - How much has to be explored and discarded before reaching the naked flesh of feeling.
Claude Debussy - In opera, there is always too much singing.
Claude Debussy - Music is the silence between the notes.
Claude Debussy - I wish to sing of my interior visions with the naive candour of a child.
Clive Barker - I firmly believe that a story is only as good as the villain.
Clive Barker - You can plan to be brave - it's even better if you just try to be brave.
Clive Barker - All I've ever wanted to do is darken the day and brighten the night.
Clive Barker - My imagination is my polestar; I steer by that.
Clive Barker - Be regular and orderly in your life, that you may be violent and original in your work.
Clive Barker - I don't take accusations of selling out lightly.
Clive Barker - My life is in the art that I make, and I'm very happy with it.
Clive Barker - Books should make somebody look at how they feel, be honest with themselves.
Clive Barker - What I tried to do is deliver movies that have worked for me more than once.
Clive Barker - I don't like PG-13 horror movies. I think they're a contradiction in terms.
Clive Owen - Jewelery isn't really my thing, but I've always got my eye on people's watches.
Clive Owen - The sexiest part of the body is the eyes. That's what I believe.
Clive Owen - When you are shooting action, there is a satisfying thing because your objectives are very clear.
Clive Owen - Audiences can be very judgmental.
Clive Owen - I love to mix it up. I love to keep doing different things.
Clive Owen - I always used to say to myself, I'm going to die of lung cancer. That's the choice I'm making.
Clive Owen - I never really look at life and worry about missed opportunities.
Clive Owen - For me, London is and always will be home.
Clive Owen - Belfast during the Troubles looked like a different world.
Clive Owen - I like to play characters that are convincing, that aren't just straightforward and nice.
Cobi Jones - I don't know if my hairstyles reflect that, but I am someone who enjoys change.
Cobi Jones - We are still confident as a team that we will make it through to the final Cup qualifying round.
Cobi Jones - The referee will now keep track of the time on the field and the shootouts have finally been banned.
Cobi Jones - That's one of my jobs, just trying to do what I can to help this team out as much as possible.
Cobi Jones - The league, I think, is doing well. It's growing, it's maturing, and it's becoming a better league.
Cobi Jones - The league, is doing well. It is just a matter of trying to sort some things out with my contract.
Cobi Jones - It's difficult to compare coaches. You really can't compare them.
Cobi Jones - Being out in that heat for two weeks definitely drains your energy.
Cobi Jones - I don't like the same old thing all the time.
Cobi Jones - Traveling is not a hindrance for me; it's something I actually enjoy.
Coco Martin - I had my first girlfriend at 15. Life was difficult then.
Coco Martin - I'll start searching for that ideal partner when I turn 40. That will be a turning point in my life.
Coco Martin - My love life is not a priority.
Coco Martin - I was first an indie actor, so I also want that more opportunities be given to people in the indies.
Coco Martin - I have dogs and birds as pets.
Coco Martin - I didn't expect people would embrace 'Ang Probinsyano' the way they did during its first year.
Coco Martin - I cherish everything I have because I worked hard for each one.
Coco Martin - I consider myself an ordinary person.
Coco Martin - Actually, I didn't plan to be an actor.
Coco Martin - I'm happy with my body.
Cole Swindell - The older I get, the more special time with family gets.
Cole Swindell - I'm just glad to be singing songs that touch people.
Cole Swindell - That's why I fell in love with country music: it made me feel something.
Cole Swindell - I'm a Georgia Southern boy.
Cole Swindell - I started to sing after high school, and I may have dreamed about being Randy Travis a time or two.
Cole Swindell - For me, that first album, there was a lot of fun stuff.
Cole Swindell - 'You Should Be Here' set the tone that, 'Alright everybody, I want you to listen to this album.
Cole Swindell - It matters if people believe you or not.
Cole Swindell - As an artist, as a person, I don't want to be here for just a little while.
Cole Swindell - I've always wanted to treat people the way I want to be treated.
Colin Farrell - Being Irish is very much a part of who I am. I take it everywhere with me.
Colin Farrell - I'm just a true Irish boy at heart.
Colin Farrell - It's not that I'm stupid. I just don't think sometimes.
Colin Farrell - If after you read something, you connect with it, you want to do it.
Colin Farrell - I do enjoy reading some science fiction.
Colin Farrell - Life is apogee, apex, decline; life is death - and everything else is open to discussion.
Colin Farrell - I get excited about room-service menus! I really do.
Colin Farrell - I'm a big old romantic.
Colin Farrell - I was never an A student, but I was really well behaved until I was 13 or so.
Colin Farrell - But I dare not think too far into the future on the risk that I'll miss the present.
Colin Firth - To be bothered wherever you go - it's not a rational thing to want at all.
Colin Firth - My grandmother was a minister as well, which was not that common in the 1930s.
Colin Firth - If you don't mind haunting the margins, I think there is more freedom there.
Colin Firth - My singing voice is somewhere between a drunken apology and a plumbing problem.
Colin Firth - Forget trying to be sexy. That's just gruesome.
Colin Firth - Something like 'A Single Man,' it was tiny; it was financed by one guy. We all lost money doing it.
Colin Firth - I enjoy playing Mr. Darcy, but I'm not hungry to play Mark Darcy again.
Colin Firth - I haven't had to struggle very much. I haven't paid my dues. I think I have been lucky.
Colin Firth - The last thing I would attempt to do is to buy clothes for a child I didn't know well.
Colin Firth - I'd love to try my hand at something else.
Colin Trevorrow - That's the thing about leaks: sometimes they aren't misinterpreted or false.
Colin Trevorrow - I didn't watch horror movies when I was a kid. I didn't watch any bad movies.
Colin Trevorrow - Three 'Jurassic Park' movies isn't enough! You want more!
Colin Trevorrow - Never since we discovered there were dinosaurs did anyone get sick of them.
Colin Trevorrow - There's something about dinosaurs that should be very humbling to human beings.
Colin Trevorrow - Small moments can coexist with big moments and even back right up against each other.
Colin Trevorrow - I'm gullible. I think people mean what they say.
Colin Trevorrow - Kids go through a stage where they love dinosaurs - boy or girl.
Colin Trevorrow - I tell you, man, I'm every bit as a 'Star Wars' fan as anyone else.
Colin Trevorrow - I'm a 'Star Wars' kid. I'm a 'Back to the Future' kid. I'm a Spielberg kid.
Colleen Atwood - In real life, a lot of people at that level will have their kimonos made especially for them.
Colleen Atwood - The costumes had to serve the choreography.
Colleen Atwood - I like the architecture of lingerie.
Colleen Atwood - The right costume determines the character, helps the actor feel who he is, and serves the story.
Colleen Atwood - I've always loved movies, art and clothes.
Colleen Atwood - In Chicago, I walked in knowing what the dancers were going to need.
Colleen Atwood - It's true that I'm not cozy. I'm more reserved.
Colleen Atwood - Sleepy Hollow had a lot of action in it, even though it was a fairy-tale movie.
Colleen Atwood - I don't design my own clothes. It's so not what I think about.
Colleen Atwood - I always loved clothes, just not clothes that were appropriate to the place I grew up in.
Connie Stevens - Nothing you wear is more important than your smile.
Connie Stevens - It's important for us to latch onto the people that we love.
Connie Stevens - I was a single mom that raised two bright, beautiful, and compassionate girls.
Connie Stevens - She will be successful who is easy to start and hard to stop.
Connie Stevens - Every decorative piece in this house is my feeling, my choice.
Connie Stevens - My kids are pretty secure, bright, and know who they are.
Connie Stevens - I love being Italian.
Connie Stevens - I am from Brooklyn, NY, so we could not have many pets, but I always had at least two dogs.
Connie Stevens - I am a New Yorker.
Connie Stevens - I was more secure being a mother than I was walking on a set.
Constance Baker Motley - When Thurgood Marshall became a lawyer, race relations in the United States were particularly bad.
Constance Baker Motley - When I was 15, I decided I wanted to be a lawyer. No one thought this was a good idea.
Constance Baker Motley - We African Americans have now spent the major part of the 20th Century battling racism.
Constance Baker Motley - Too many whites still see blacks as a group apart.
Constance Baker Motley - There is no longer a single common impediment to blacks emerging in this society.
Constance Baker Motley - The legal difference between the sit-ins and the Freedom Riders was significant.
Constance Baker Motley - The fact is that racism, despite all the doomsayers, has diminished.
Constance Baker Motley - Lack of encouragement never deterred me. I was the kind of person who would not be put down.
Constance Baker Motley - I soon found law school an unmitigated bore.
Constance Baker Motley - I rejected the notion that my race or sex would bar my success in life.
Coolio - Acting is all about timing. I mean, who has better timing than the MCs?
Coolio - I'm innocent. I've done nothing. I'm a nice guy.
Coolio - People treat me nice 'cos I treat them nice.
Coolio - I wasn't driving down the wrong side of the street, smoking marijuana, waving my gun out the window.
Coolio - 'Gangsta rap' is a derogatory label.
Coolio - I want to provide a well-rounded perspective of life.
Coolio - If it wasn't for the military I probably would not have ever come to Bosnia for vacation.
Coolio - I've been rapping since 1979.
Coolio - I came to Baku the same way I would go to Texas - because they asked me to come and play hip hop.
Coolio - I've basically got an album full of singles.
Corey Feldman - I have led a pretty colorful life.
Corey Feldman - It's funny; I actually made poorer decisions when I sobered up then when I was screwed up.
Corey Feldman - I'd say that animal rights and environmental issues have always been at the forefront of my mind.
Corey Feldman - Self-realization is great.
Corey Feldman - My addiction has always been beautiful women, being surrounded by them.
Corey Feldman - I look for the safety of my child. I don't really care about me.
Corey Feldman - Fatherhood is the most amazing thing that could ever have happened in my life.
Corey Feldman - We're all made to make mistakes; nobody's perfect.
Corey Feldman - I'm more than an actor. I'm an icon, an industry.
Corey Feldman - My acting career began at age three and my parents got me into it. I was in a McDonald's commercial.
Corey Hawkins - I think, in our darkest moments, you have to find the humor, and you have to find the lightness.
Corey Hawkins - I'm tired of seeing people dying every day; I'm tired of seeing people go to jail for nothing.
Corey Hawkins - I like to surprise myself. I like to surprise my fans, too.
Corey Hawkins - The idea of a new hero for a new day sang to me.
Corey Hawkins - Sometimes '24' can seem a little grand. Sometimes these things can seem a little outlandish.
Corey Hawkins - In television, to be a hero and look like I look, that really stuck with me.
Corey Hawkins - If the challenge wasn't there, there's no reason to say 'yes' to the role.
Corey Hawkins - I didn't grow up seeing faces of patriots, emotional and raw and gritty, who looked like me.
Corey Hawkins - I sort of have to have a positive outlook.
Corey Hawkins - What everyone loved about '24' is still there - the clock, the tick, the lean-in factor, the pacing.
Corey Lewandowski - I'd love to say second place is great, but it's not.
Corey Lewandowski - America does not always need to be the world's bodyguard.
Corey Lewandowski - Anything can be negotiated if you have a strong leader.
Corey Lewandowski - We need to stop illegal immigration. We need to put people back to work. We need to cut taxes.
Corey Lewandowski - Donald Trump is the greatest deal maker in the history of our country.
Corey Lewandowski - Everything is politically correct nowadays.
Corey Lewandowski - What does it take to win in New Hampshire? Grass roots and financial resources.
Corey Lewandowski - I am not a rabble rouser.
Corey Lewandowski - I work for Donald Trump, and everyone knows that.
Corey Lewandowski - Donald Trump is the best debater on the debate stage.
Courtney Barnett - I'm just not very comfortable talking about my emotions on a normal, day-to-day basis.
Courtney Barnett - I started writing songs when I started learning guitar.
Courtney Barnett - I have a normal life; I don't do anything crazy.
Courtney Barnett - I just get bored really quickly and want to push myself to the next level.
Courtney Barnett - I don't like to overcook songs.
Courtney Barnett - If I write something down, it's normally just a sharp one-liner.
Courtney Barnett - An album is a thing you take time out and go work on.
Courtney Barnett - I played in school jazz bands and tried to start rock bands, but nobody was interested.
Courtney Barnett - When I started Milk! Records, it was a pretty non-profit making venture.
Courtney Barnett - You can't read when you're traveling with other people; it always feels a bit rude.
Craig Brown - A decent beard has long been the number one must-have fashion item for any fugitive from justice.
Craig Brown - As a rough rule of thumb, I would say the smaller the pond, the more belligerent the fish.
Craig Brown - Cleanliness is the scourge of art.
Craig Brown - The first sign builders are on their way is when - hey, presto! - a skip appears outside your house.
Craig Brown - Children are perfectly happy to sit next to spiders; it is only grown-ups who are frightened away.
Craig Brown - All the wealthiest people in the U.S. seem compelled to brag about how humble they are.
Craig Brown - One of the many joys of tongue-twisters is that they serve no purpose beyond fun.
Craig Brown - For some reason, it is always thrilling to spot your home town in the news.
Craig Brown - One of the tricks of life is to have sense and money in roughly equal proportions.
Craig Brown - The news is increasingly full of mismatched people saying daft things to one another.
Craig Bruce - It's hardware that makes a machine fast. It's software that makes a fast machine slow.
Craig Bruce - Never question the relevance of truth, but always question the truth of relevance.
Craig Bruce - Supermarket automatic doors open for me; therefore, I am.
Craig Bruce - From each according to his ability, to each according to his ability.
Craig Bruce - You usually have to wait for that which is worth waiting for.
Craig Bruce - Liberalism is financed by the dividends from Conservatism.
Craig Bruce - If the shoe fits, it is probably worn out.
Craig Bruce - Nothing surpasses the beauty and elegance of a bad idea.
Craig Bruce - My to-do list is so long that it doesn't have an end; it has an event horizon.
Craig Bruce - When anarchy is declared, the first thing we do, let's kill all the anarchists.
Cristela Alonzo - To me, a multi-cam is just like the feeling you get from the audience.
Cristela Alonzo - The first eight years of my life, we lived in an abandoned diner - we were basically squatters.
Cristela Alonzo - A lot of my material was based on my family.
Cristela Alonzo - I can't tell a story about a working-class family on a premium channel that you have to pay to get.
Cristela Alonzo - I grew up in a very Catholic household. We were pretty conservative.
Cristela Alonzo - If I'm laughing, you know I'm either very happy or very sad. I cope with things with jokes.
Cristela Alonzo - I couldn't afford therapy, so I just watched 'Frasier.' Season 4 was a breakthrough.
Cristela Alonzo - I did the 'Wizard of Oz' in third grade, and I was a witch.
Cristela Alonzo - The chances of anyone of any race getting their own show are, like, .001 percent.
Cristela Alonzo - Because I grew up in McAllen, we would watch Televisa a lot.
Curt Schilling - I was raised to understand and know the difference between right and wrong.
Curt Schilling - I think I've earned a certain level of respect, based on my accomplishments and my consistency.
Curt Schilling - I've got thick skin.
Curt Schilling - Before I pitch any game, from spring training to Game 7 of the World Series, I'm scared to death.
Curt Schilling - In baseball, I was always in control of everything until I let the ball go.
Curt Schilling - Baseball is not a sport you can achieve individually.
Curt Schilling - I've been playing games for 30 years, and I've been a hard-core gamer.
Curt Schilling - I care what people think, but that doesn't change what I say. I am who I am.
Curt Schilling - I am human, when people write bad stuff about me it bothers me, but I know that will never end.
Curt Schilling - I've got a wife, four kids, a business, and a baseball career.
Cynthia Kenyon - I have always gotten a thrill, a kick, from learning new things.
Cynthia Kenyon - Life's too short to not be around nice people.
Cynthia Kenyon - It was like stepping on to an escalator; I could do anything. I was just made for science.
Cynthia Kenyon - Sugar is the new tobacco.
Cynthia Kenyon - If I were a worm, I would rather be the long-lived mutant than the normal worm, that's for sure.
Cynthia Kenyon - The idea that ageing was subject to control was completely unexpected.
Cynthia Kenyon - You would think that UV just causes mutations, but it doesn't; you need a gene to be active for it.
Cynthia Kenyon - The hope is that if we can increase youthfulness, we can postpone age-related diseases.
Cynthia Kenyon - I loved the idea that biology was logical.
Cynthia Kenyon - In the early '90s, we discovered mutations that could double the normal life span of worms.
Cynthia Nixon - I'd do a show about garbagemen if it was good!
Cynthia Nixon - Nobody ever really thought of me as sexy, right? They thought of me as smart and quirky.
Cynthia Nixon - I love spicy food.
Cynthia Nixon - Motherhood is the only thing in my life that I've really known for sure is something I wanted to do.
Cynthia Nixon - I love a warm bath at the end of a day.
Cynthia Nixon - I am heat obsessed. I crave the heat in my bedroom.
Cynthia Nixon - I don't define myself. I'm just a woman in love with another woman.
Cynthia Nixon - I always sort of thought, 'I'm probably going to get breast cancer. There's a really good chance.'
Cynthia Nixon - A couple of hanging glands have nothing to do with making someone a man.
Cynthia Nixon - What I do for exercise sort of depends on what's happening in the rest of my life.
Cynthia Ozick - Traveling is seeing; it is the implicit that we travel by.
Cynthia Ozick - In saying what is obvious, never choose cunning. Yelling works better.
Cynthia Ozick - The engineering is secondary to the vision.
Cynthia Ozick - The novelist's intuition for the sacred differs from the translator's interrogation of the sacred.
Cynthia Ozick - After a certain number of years, our faces become our biographies.
Cynthia Ozick - I read in order to write. I read out of obsession with writing.
Cynthia Ozick - All writing is presumption, of course, since no one knows what it is like to be another human being.
Cynthia Ozick - I think most of my life I have not felt recognized.
Cynthia Ozick - With certain rapturous exceptions, literature is the moral life.
Cynthia Ozick - Literature is for the sake of humanity.
Cynthia Weil - We are the yin and the yang of the creative process.
Cynthia Weil - A lot of guys spend their lives saying no because it's an easier way to keep your job.
Cynthia Weil - Sharing a triumph with someone you love is an incredible high.
Cynthia Weil - I wanted to write for Broadway.
Cynthia Weil - Actually I was writing with people that didn't get records.
Cynthia Weil - My nature is to be linear, and when I'm not, I feel really proud of myself.
Cynthia Weil - But I'm someone who the more afraid I am, the more I want to do it to get the fear over with.
Cynthia Weil - I can't seem to write young enough anymore.
Cynthia Weil - Even when I think I'm writing really young, they say it's too mature.
Cynthia Weil - There is the great creative part of it. The writing is the best part.
D. A. Pennebaker - I heard the new film, 'Tangerine,' was filmed entirely on iPhones. No cameras were involved!
D. A. Pennebaker - A film is made in somebody's head - out of their determination to do it at all.
D. A. Pennebaker - Nobody would let us do 'Crisis' again.
D. A. Pennebaker - I think of all my movies as home movies! It's just that some are more expensive than others.
D. A. Pennebaker - People don't really want reality. They want theater, and that's different.
D. A. Pennebaker - I didn't know Jack Kennedy that well, but Bobby was a hero to me.
D. A. Pennebaker - To make theater out of real life, you need to catch dialogue when it happens.
D. A. Pennebaker - Animals are companions on this planet, not necessarily our feedbags.
D. A. Pennebaker - It was interesting to shoot history as it happens, without anyone demanding a huge story.
D. A. Pennebaker - I had maybe heard 'The Times Are A-Changing' on the radio, but I had no idea who Dylan was. No idea.
D. H. Lawrence - Men! The only animal in the world to fear.
D. H. Lawrence - I want to live my life so that my nights are not full of regrets.
D. H. Lawrence - Life is ours to be spent, not to be saved.
D. H. Lawrence - The human soul needs actual beauty more than bread.
D. H. Lawrence - In every living thing there is the desire for love.
D. H. Lawrence - Be a good animal, true to your animal instincts.
D. H. Lawrence - I shall always be a priest of love.
D. H. Lawrence - If a woman hasn't got a tiny streak of harlot in her, she's a dry stick as a rule.
D. H. Lawrence - It's bad taste to be wise all the time, like being at a perpetual funeral.
D. H. Lawrence - My God, these folks don't know how to love - that's why they love so easily.
Dada Vaswani - Sincere practice, makes the impossible possible.
Dada Vaswani - True love bears all, endures all and triumphs!
Dada Vaswani - True success, true happiness lies in freedom and fulfillment.
Dada Vaswani - If you want to be happy, make others happy!
Dada Vaswani - Beware of the company you keep. See that you associate with the right type of people.
Dada Vaswani - Let us not curse the darkness. Let us kindle little lights.
Dada Vaswani - Call Him by whatever name you will, and He will respond.
Dada Vaswani - What humanity needs today is not merely philosophy or theology, but a message or reassurance.
Dada Vaswani - Marriage is a commitment for life. It is a permanent, lifelong relationship.
Dada Vaswani - The children of today are the builders of a brave, new world - a world without want.
Dag Hammarskjold - Friendship needs no words - it is solitude delivered from the anguish of loneliness.
Dag Hammarskjold - Never for the sake of peace and quiet deny your convictions.
Dag Hammarskjold - If only I may grow: firmer, simpler, quieter, warmer.
Dag Hammarskjold - We are not permitted to choose the frame of our destiny. But what we put into it is ours.
Dag Hammarskjold - Never, for the sake of peace and quiet, deny your own experience or convictions.
Dag Hammarskjold - It is playing safe that we create a world of utmost insecurity.
Dag Hammarskjold - Time goes by, reputation increases, ability declines.
Dag Hammarskjold - Constant attention by a good nurse may be just as important as a major operation by a surgeon.
Dag Hammarskjold - It is when we all play safe that we create a world of utmost insecurity.
Dag Hammarskjold - Pray that your loneliness may spur you into finding something to live for, great enough to die for.
Daisaku Ikeda - With love and patience, nothing is impossible.
Daisaku Ikeda - No one is born hating others.
Daisaku Ikeda - A person, who no matter how desperate the situation, gives others hope, is a true leader.
Daisaku Ikeda - The determination to win is the better part of winning.
Daisaku Ikeda - But I believe we must not allow feelings of defeat to take root in our hearts.
Daisaku Ikeda - We must take steps to prevent further nuclear weapons development or modernization.
Daisaku Ikeda - The gratification of desire is not happiness.
Daisaku Ikeda - A genuinely happy person is one who has rendered others happy.
Daisaku Ikeda - A healthy vision of the future is not possible without an accurate knowledge of the past.
Daisaku Ikeda - When human beings live together, conflict is inevitable. War is not.
Dale Earnhardt - It's a never ending battle of making your cars better and also trying to be better yourself.
Dale Earnhardt - Two of my favorite things are my steering wheel and my Remington rifle.
Dale Earnhardt - You win some, lose some, and wreck some.
Dale Earnhardt - Richard Childress and myself have made some important innovations on our cars.
Dale Earnhardt - Second place is just the first place loser.
Dale Earnhardt - I've had confidence in myself all along. It was just a matter of getting the pieces back in place.
Dale Earnhardt - I don't want to argue with my wife about her car - or my driving.
Dale Earnhardt - That strategy of racing for the top five and racing for the win is where everybody wants to be.
Dale Earnhardt - Finishing races is important, but racing is more important.
Dale Earnhardt - I enjoy Saturday night racing.
Daley Thompson - Sport fosters many things that are good; teamwork and leadership.
Daley Thompson - I'm obsessive. I want to know the answer to how good I am. Most people aren't.
Daley Thompson - I'm competitive - that's what defines me - and I love it.
Daley Thompson - But if kids take up things like hockey and football they will go back to it.
Daley Thompson - If you're not in it you can't win it.
Daley Thompson - We live in the best place on earth but at times the worst.
Daley Thompson - When I lost my decathlon world record I took it like a man. I only cried for ten hours.
Daley Thompson - Most people doing the decathlon these days are quite boring, so people don't relate to them.
Daley Thompson - The stopwatch doesn't lie. The tape measure doesn't lie.
Daley Thompson - I did not want to be the best black man of the year; I wanted to be the best man of the year.
Damian Lewis - Seeing a man praying to Allah is enough for some people to assume he is a terrorist.
Damian Lewis - I love playing sport.
Damian Lewis - I'm no more or less antisocial than the next person.
Damian Lewis - People need revelation, and then they need resolution.
Damian Lewis - I'm a slow starter.
Damian Lewis - I think you can't be really posh and be an interesting actor. I'm a bit of a posh rough.
Damian Lewis - I'm not very good at strategizing.
Damian Lewis - You have to go where the good writing is.
Damian Lewis - You just have to take control of your own performance.
Damian Lewis - You know, I think I am faintly spiritual.
Damien Chazelle - As a drummer, you're always fighting for a level that you never quite attain.
Damien Chazelle - People aren't inherently sympathetic.
Damien Chazelle - There are a lot of musicians in my life. But movies came first for me. That was my original passion.
Damien Chazelle - I like a set to be a happy place, where people can feel free to experiment.
Damien Chazelle - I handle screenings and award ceremonies really badly.
Damien Chazelle - I was a writer for hire. I wrote to pay the bills.
Damien Chazelle - I didn't feel the kind of joy every day playing drums that I thought you were supposed to feel.
Damien Chazelle - I'm predisposed to never be in pure celebration mode.
Damien Chazelle - Nothing is guaranteed to last, so you should just enjoy it as it happens.
Damien Chazelle - My dad is a big jazz fan, and that was the reason I first got into jazz.
Dan Aykroyd - You do not need a therapist if you own a motorcycle, any kind of motorcycle!
Dan Aykroyd - I'd make a bad preacher.
Dan Aykroyd - Have I personally ever seen a ghost? Not one.
Dan Aykroyd - You look at the floor and see the floor. I look at the floor and see molecules.
Dan Aykroyd - I've always been a big fan of science fiction and of the worlds of the spiritual and the mystic.
Dan Aykroyd - I have this kind of mild nice-guy exterior, but inside my heart is like a steel trap.
Dan Aykroyd - My whole thing is to entertain, make people laugh and to forget about the real world for awhile.
Dan Aykroyd - I grew up on the edge of a national park in Canada - timberwolves, creeks, snow drifts.
Dan Aykroyd - And, I believe that if a man dies with a single penny still sitting in the bank, he's a fool.
Dan Aykroyd - I had a slight touch of Tourette's, which means you talk to yourself and bark and cry out at night.
Dan Gable - Once you've wrestled, everything else in life is easy.
Dan Gable - I shoot, I score. He shoots, I score.
Dan Gable - My coaches were great. My mom and dad. My dad never missed a wrestling meet.
Dan Gable - When my wrestlers got their hands raised, I jumped for joy.
Dan Gable - My mind's never gone very far away from what I wanted to accomplish.
Dan Gable - There's nothing like success.
Dan Gable - I've been a fanatic about working out all my life.
Dan Gable - We, as a wrestling community, better remember it is more than one individual that makes a winner.
Dan Gable - My valleys are higher than most people's peaks. I stay at that level.
Dan Gable - Right out of high school I never had the fear of getting beat, which is how most people lose.
Dan Gilbert - I think Detroit is where muscle meets brains.
Dan Gilbert - When we grew up, we wanted to do two things: to own a sports team and a casino.
Dan Gilbert - LeBron James needs to go to another team with two superstars already so he can win a championship.
Dan Gilbert - It's time for people to hold these athletes accountable for their actions.
Dan Gilbert - Head coaching options are limited.
Dan Gilbert - I don't think we'd be the business that we are today if we were spread out in the suburban areas.
Dan Gilbert - I think I've interviewed probably 1,500 people in my 24-year business career.
Dan Gilbert - People want entertainment, a whole night of it, a whole experience.
Dan Gilbert - As a franchise, we don't have any different expectations than anyone else.
Dan Gilbert - I believe in our players, our coaching staff, and our entire franchise.
Dan Harmon - There's a fine line between a stream of consciousness and a babbling brook to nowhere.
Dan Harmon - I love '30 Rock.' It's one of my favorite shows. It's certainly the gold standard of comedy writing.
Dan Harmon - Maybe I am just a jerk.
Dan Harmon - Emotionally, shows like 'Cheers' and 'Taxi' were classic sitcoms when I was growing up.
Dan Harmon - I feel like my life has always been the 'Hey Look at Me Show.' I'm not apologetic about that.
Dan Harmon - I feel like I am a good person and a professional, very able leader of men.
Dan Harmon - I've never done well when I've been appreciated. I've done best when I'm targeted for death.
Dan Harmon - There are lots of emotions that go with the Fourth of July.
Dan Harmon - I really like performing for people.
Dan Harmon - I think that casting is probably the most important thing in television production.
Dan Rather - A tough lesson in life that one has to learn is that not everybody wishes you well.
Dan Rather - Courage is being afraid but going on anyhow.
Dan Rather - This race is hotter than a Times Square Rolex.
Dan Rather - Don't taunt the alligator until after you've crossed the creek.
Dan Rather - Americans will put up with anything provided it doesn't block traffic.
Dan Rather - Never eat spinach just before going on the air.
Dan Rather - Only votes talk, everything else walks.
Dan Rather - Are the Democrats going to dance the mandate Macarena?
Dan Rather - I'd much rather wear out than rust out.
Dan Rather - If I didn't have a front-row seat on history, it was at least a seat on the aisle.
Dana Perino - Sarcasm is like cheap wine - it leaves a terrible aftertaste.
Dana Perino - Never refuse a breath mint - you don't know why it's being offered.
Dana Perino - Civility is a choice.
Dana Perino - I believe that leaders should inspire you to be more like them.
Dana Perino - I loved the writing process. I loved it.
Dana Perino - Everyone learns from their experiences.
Dana Perino - I never thought I would write a memoir at age 40... but I did have this unique place in history.
Dana Perino - I'm a worrier by nature.
Dana Perino - Commanders-in-chief make really tough decisions.
Dana Perino - Conservatism by its very nature is compassionate.
Daniel Barenboim - When playing music, it is possible to achieve a unique sense of peace.
Daniel Barenboim - For many people, music is here to let them forget the daily chores of life.
Daniel Barenboim - Tradition demands that we not speak poorly of the dead.
Daniel Barenboim - To have real knowledge, one must understand the essence of things and not only their manifestations.
Daniel Barenboim - In the beginning, there was silence. And out of the silence came the sound. The sound is not here.
Daniel Barenboim - In my mother's belly, I remember not liking the tempi my father played the Beethoven Sonatas in.
Daniel Barenboim - I have music in my brain all the time, all sorts.
Daniel Barenboim - When you love somebody and they die young and you are young, too, it is very hard.
Daniel Barenboim - The Barenboim Foundation has nothing to do with politics.
Daniel Barenboim - I would like to be a terrorist for music education - to make a complete reform, all over the world.
Daniel Cormier - You have to be a champion in all facets of life.
Daniel Cormier - I want to be the best.
Daniel Cormier - You don't get to the highest levels of the sport without having the basics in order.
Daniel Cormier - Wrestling is a hard sport, but it's only a sport.
Daniel Cormier - My little girl's in Heaven. She's my angel, and I can draw from that.
Daniel Cormier - A lot of times, losing a fight is tough. In your darkest hours, I guess your true colors show.
Daniel Cormier - Gustafsson is a stud, man. He's a good fighter.
Daniel Cormier - My confidence comes from me, not from Jon Jones. I can't draw my confidence from another person.
Daniel Cormier - I'm not on a slander campaign to ruin Jon Jones publicly. That's not what I set out to do.
Daniel Cormier - I think I'm as good if not better than everyone else.
Daniel Craig - I've always retained my privacy, but now I protect it even more.
Daniel Craig - I stopped worrying about being desired a long time ago.
Daniel Craig - I don't care what other people are doing.
Daniel Craig - I just wanted to play a cowboy for a long time.
Daniel Craig - There's always going to be someone with a bigger toy than yours.
Daniel Craig - It's a Tim sandwich. The meat is fresh, but the bread is moldy.
Daniel Craig - Any voices or fantasies, he lives with. Those are his everyday life things.
Daniel Craig - Being on your own would be sad, sick and weird. I don't trust myself. I need that balance.
Daniel Craig - I have never played a role in which someone's dark side shouldn't be explored.
Daniel Craig - I've always loved to dress up a bit and show off.
Daniel Day-Lewis - My main memories of my father are of his illness.
Daniel Day-Lewis - If you have a certain wildness of spirit, a cabinet maker's workshop is not the place to express it.
Daniel Day-Lewis - I live in a landscape, which every single day of my life is enriching.
Daniel Day-Lewis - A voice is such a deep, personal reflection of character.
Daniel Day-Lewis - At some point in your life, if you're lucky, you get to design the way in which things evolve.
Daniel Day-Lewis - I'm a warrior when it comes to pursuing roles.
Daniel Day-Lewis - I hate wasting people's time.
Daniel Day-Lewis - Everybody has to know for themselves what they're capable of.
Daniel Day-Lewis - I'm a little bit perverse, and I just hate doing the thing that's the most obvious.
Daniel Day-Lewis - I love to sit and watch people. I love to sit and listen to people.
Daniel Goleman - True compassion means not only feeling another's pain but also being moved to help relieve it.
Daniel Goleman - A prerequisite to empathy is simply paying attention to the person in pain.
Daniel Goleman - Societies can be sunk by the weight of buried ugliness.
Daniel Goleman - Well, any effort to maximize your potential and ability is a good thing.
Daniel Goleman - The emotional brain responds to an event more quickly than the thinking brain.
Daniel Goleman - If you are doing mindfulness meditation, you are doing it with your ability to attend to the moment.
Daniel Goleman - People tend to become more emotionally intelligent as they age and mature.
Daniel Goleman - Teachers need to be comfortable talking about feelings.
Daniel Goleman - Scheduling down time as part of your routine is hard but worth it, personally, even professionally.
Daniel Goleman - Western business people often don't get the importance of establishing human relationships.
Daniel Humm - I never finished high school. In fact, I hated going to school.
Daniel Humm - I think sometimes with the parsnip, people are maybe a little afraid and don't use it as often.
Daniel Humm - You've got to listen to your guests.
Daniel Humm - I'm from Switzerland, so I grew up with great chocolate.
Daniel Humm - Amuse-bouches are an opportunity to push boundaries.
Daniel Humm - I love eggs. Eggs are probably one of the most versatile things we work with.
Daniel Humm - I do believe there will always be a place for beautiful cookbooks that are real books.
Daniel Humm - I would like to know more about how to cook Japanese food. I love it, but don't know much about it.
Daniel Humm - Almonds can be used in sweet and savory dishes very easily.
Daniel Humm - My dad was not happy about my not becoming an architect like him.
Daniel J. Boorstin - The greatest obstacle to discovery is not ignorance - it is the illusion of knowledge.
Daniel J. Boorstin - Freedom means the opportunity to be what we never thought we would be.
Daniel J. Boorstin - Some are born great, some achieve greatness, and some hire public relations officers.
Daniel J. Boorstin - Education is learning what you didn't even know you didn't know.
Daniel J. Boorstin - I write to discover what I think. After all, the bars aren't open that early.
Daniel J. Boorstin - Reading is like the sex act - done privately, and often in bed.
Daniel J. Boorstin - A best-seller was a book which somehow sold well because it was selling well.
Daniel J. Boorstin - The celebrity is a person who is known for his well-knownness.
Daniel J. Boorstin - As you make your bed, so you must lie in it.
Daniel J. Boorstin - The world of crime is a last refuge of the authentic, uncorrupted, spontaneous event.
Daniel Kahneman - It's a wonderful thing to be optimistic. It keeps you healthy and it keeps you resilient.
Daniel Kahneman - Nothing in life is quite as important as you think it is while you're thinking about it.
Daniel Kahneman - We're generally overconfident in our opinions and our impressions and judgments.
Daniel Kahneman - True intuitive expertise is learned from prolonged experience with good feedback on mistakes.
Daniel Kahneman - We have a very narrow view of what is going on.
Daniel Kahneman - If there is time to reflect, slowing down is likely to be a good idea.
Daniel Kahneman - Slow thinking has the feeling of something you do. It's deliberate.
Daniel Kahneman - When you analyze happiness, it turns out that the way you spend your time is extremely important.
Daniel Kahneman - If individuals are rational, there is no need to protect them against their own choices.
Daniel Kahneman - The concept of happiness has to be reorganised.
Daniel Keys Moran - You can have data without information, but you cannot have information without data.
Daniel Keys Moran - It's very strange writing science fiction in a world that moves as fast as ours does.
Daniel Keys Moran - The universe is not fair and it is never going to be fair.
Daniel Keys Moran - Plot and character are virtually the same thing.
Daniel Keys Moran - Writers, all the good ones, are Natural Born Liars.
Daniel Keys Moran - Actors are good liars; writers are good liars with good memories.
Daniel Keys Moran - To write well you must be willing to go naked into the world.
Daniel Keys Moran - Well, the future of the Internet is... Reality.
Daniel Keys Moran - It's your body and your life and you have an absolute right to do with it as you choose.
Daniel Keys Moran - The welfare system in the United States is vile.
Daniel Radcliffe - Some people think I am gay, which I think is awesome.
Daniel Radcliffe - I'm not much of a cake person.
Daniel Radcliffe - People do incredible things for love, particularly for unrequited love.
Daniel Radcliffe - I'm also a fan of ridiculously coloured and patterned socks.
Daniel Radcliffe - I'm not clumsy, I'm just accident prone.
Daniel Radcliffe - Personally, I prefer the dark side.
Daniel Radcliffe - I'm possibly a very morbid person but I think about death a lot.
Daniel Radcliffe - Shyness displays itself differently in me. I think it's more an awkwardness.
Daniel Radcliffe - I'm not clumsy, I'm accident-prone!
Daniel Radcliffe - Don't try too hard to be something you're not.
Daniel Webster - There is no refuge from confession but suicide; and suicide is confession.
Daniel Webster - I was born an American; I will live an American; I shall die an American.
Daniel Webster - The contest for ages has been to rescue liberty from the grasp of executive power.
Daniel Webster - A country cannot subsist well without liberty, nor liberty without virtue.
Daniel Webster - How little do they see what really is, who frame their hasty judgment upon that which seems.
Daniel Webster - Failure is more frequently from want of energy than want of capital.
Daniel Webster - The materials of wealth are in the earth, in the seas, and in their natural and unaided productions.
Daniel Webster - Whatever makes men good Christians, makes them good citizens.
Daniel Webster - There is always room at the top.
Daniel Webster - Wisdom begins at the end.
Danny McBride - I don't really care about awards.
Danny McBride - I had a classic gym teacher in junior high who wore a weightlifter's belt all the time.
Danny McBride - Confidence and a good sense of humor can usually win a chick over.
Danny McBride - The dynamics are pretty much the same among me and my friends as they were when I was 18 years old.
Danny McBride - I can't even remember not wanting to go to film school.
Danny McBride - On a human level, people want to see someone succeed who wants to change.
Danny McBride - I don't tend to watch too many American comedies. I love British comedy.
Danny McBride - It's a big battle to bring quality stuff into theaters across America, for sure.
Danny McBride - I made movies all the time when I was a kid.
Danny McBride - There is no future for me as a closing pitcher.
Danny Meyer - Life is a series of waves to be embraced and overcome.
Danny Meyer - Hospitality exists when you believe that the other person is on your side.
Danny Meyer - Hospitality is almost impossible to teach. It's all about hiring the right people.
Danny Meyer - A cocktail done right can really show your guests that you care.
Danny Meyer - How can you franchise hospitality?
Danny Meyer - Union Square Cafe is all soul, not brain.
Danny Meyer - Good service means never having to ask for anything.
Danny Meyer - Hospitality knows no gender or race.
Danny Meyer - Use your time well. Everyone gets time equally. It doesn't matter how much money you make.
Danny Meyer - Festive cocktails mean color, lots of color.
Daryl Hall - Reject what you don't want. Get rid of dead wood.
Daryl Hall - Nobody really cares about what other people think anymore; they're all about themselves.
Daryl Hall - The first thing I ever did was play talent shows at the Uptown Theater and the Adelphi Ballroom.
Daryl Hall - As I got older, my voice got better.
Daryl Hall - When I was a kid, I always looked up to people like B.B. King and Ray Charles.
Daryl Hall - Yes, I travel in unusual circles. George Osborne and his wife Frances are my cousins.
Daryl Hall - I don't like showboating. I was never a fan of showing off.
Daryl Hall - Nobody's going to sell 10 million records by not working hard.
Daryl Hall - Chronic Lyme causes arthritis, heart problems, stroke - even death.
Daryl Hall - If you work hard and you're good, you can build something for yourself.
Dave Attell - When I was a kid, I really loved Indians. Native Americans. Pardon. Me.
Dave Attell - Doesn't matter what you say or do; people can always find a way to call you a dick.
Dave Attell - I don't mind a crowd's not laughing; it's the groans that slow down the show.
Dave Attell - I'm not a movie guy, I'm not a TV sitcom guy, but whatever seems to fit and is funny is good for me.
Dave Attell - I have no grand scheme.
Dave Attell - I don't think I'm a star or a celebrity or any thing like that.
Dave Attell - I never wanted to be famous.
Dave Attell - I don't watch reality TV. I'm cool.
Dave Attell - I like writing a joke, and I like when a joke works, and I like other comics who tell jokes.
Dave Attell - Sometimes it's hard to tell if a joke is working or not for the first couple of minutes.
Dave Barry - Nobody cares if you can't dance well. Just get up and dance.
Dave Barry - You can only be young once. But you can always be immature.
Dave Barry - Fishing is boring, unless you catch an actual fish, and then it is disgusting.
Dave Barry - Camping is nature's way of promoting the motel business.
Dave Barry - If you have a big enough dictionary, just about everything is a word.
Dave Barry - As a child, I was more afraid of tetanus shots than, for example, Dracula.
Dave Barry - The Sixties are now considered a historical period, just like the Roman Empire.
Dave Barry - The real threat to whales is whaling, which has endangered many whale species.
Dave Barry - Never under any circumstances take a sleeping pill and a laxative on the same night.
Dave Barry - The nuclear generator of brain sludge is television.
Dave Chappelle - You know you must be doing something right if old people like you.
Dave Chappelle - I love being famous - it's phenomenal.
Dave Chappelle - The language you are about to hear... is disturbing.
Dave Chappelle - I think every group of black guys should have at least one white guy in it.
Dave Chappelle - You can become famous but you can't become unfamous. You can become infamous but not unfamous.
Dave Chappelle - I'm an introspective dude.
Dave Chappelle - The only thing harder than leaving show business is coming back.
Dave Chappelle - I love Ohio.
Dave Chappelle - I don't want the money. I don't want the drama. I just want to do my show. I want to have fun again.
Dave Chappelle - The hardest thing to do is to be true to yourself, especially when everybody is watching.
Dave Eggers - It's not that our family has no taste, it's just that our family's taste is inconsistent.
Dave Eggers - I think I'm far too hopeful and trusting. That's something I got from my mum.
Dave Eggers - People are strange, but more than that, they're good. They're good first, then strange.
Dave Eggers - I've never had WiFi at home. I'm too easily distracted, and YouTube is too tempting.
Dave Eggers - I publish my own books, so there isn't a certain editor I owe the book to at a publishing house.
Dave Eggers - I went to public school all my life and all through college and I liked it.
Dave Eggers - The house is a factory.
Dave Eggers - They took my mother's stomach out six months ago.
Dave Eggers - I had grown up as a fan of Studs Terkel. In Chicago he sort of looms large and is mentioned often.
Dave Eggers - I worked at magazines for over 10 years before I even thought of writing a book.
Dave Grohl - If there's one thing I'm good at, it's gathering people together to do something fun.
Dave Grohl - All I really had was a suitcase and my drums. So I took them up to Seattle and hoped it would work.
Dave Grohl - Through Kurt I saw the beauty of minimalism and the importance of music that's stripped down.
Dave Grohl - I love everything about my job, except being away from the kids.
Dave Grohl - I stopped doing drugs when I was 20. I was finished with drugs before Nirvana even started.
Dave Grohl - Ladies and gentlemen, god bless America - land of the free, home of the brave.
Dave Grohl - Dude, maybe not everyone loves 'Glee.' Me included. I watched 10 minutes and it wasn't my thing.
Dave Grohl - I mean, I never liked being told what to do. It's one of the reasons I dropped out of school.
Dave Grohl - People are so into digital recording now they forgot how easy analog recording can be.
Dave Grohl - My songwriting is like extending a hand to the listener.
Dave Matthews - A friend is always good to have, but a lover's kiss is better than angels raining down on me.
Dave Matthews - I'll lean on you and you lean on me and we'll be okay.
Dave Matthews - Take what you can from your dreams, make them as real as anything.
Dave Matthews - I never went to college - I barely got out of high school.
Dave Matthews - The world and the universe are far more wonderful if there's not a puppet master.
Dave Matthews - Tomorrow is no place to place your better days.
Dave Matthews - Good music is good music, and everything else can go to hell.
Dave Matthews - There's a freedom to being young that is harder to come by as time goes on.
Dave Matthews - In so many areas of life, I'm a spaz and incompetent.
Dave Matthews - How could I have been anyone other than me?
Dave Mustaine - Moving on, is a simple thing, what it leaves behind is hard.
Dave Mustaine - My guitar was a loyal person to me.
Dave Mustaine - What I couldn't say verbally I was able to express physically through the guitar.
Dave Mustaine - It's not how big your pencil is; it's how you write your name.
Dave Mustaine - If you guys are going to be throwing beer bottles at us, at least make sure they're full.
Dave Mustaine - I treat people the way I want to be treated, which makes me odd.
Dave Mustaine - I didn't like the way I was let go from Metallica.
Dave Mustaine - No, I care more about what God knows than what man says.
Dave Mustaine - Next thing you know they'll take your thoughts away.
Dave Mustaine - Megadeth doesn't sound anything like Metallica.
Dave Ramsey - I believe that through knowledge and discipline, financial peace is possible for all of us.
Dave Ramsey - You can't be in debt and win. It doesn't work.
Dave Ramsey - You've got to tell your money what to do or it will leave.
Dave Ramsey - Most of the things we buy are wants. And we call them needs, but they're wants.
Dave Ramsey - There are no shortcuts when it comes to getting out of debt.
Dave Ramsey - Credit is an 'I love debt' score.
Dave Ramsey - I have done stupid with a lot of zeros on the end of it. I know what it looks like.
Dave Ramsey - You have to teach children about money intentionally - create teachable moments.
Dave Ramsey - You need some quick wins in order to stay pumped enough to get out of debt completely.
Dave Ramsey - I think that anyone who wants to start their own business can, but not any type of business.
David Attenborough - Crying wolf is a real danger.
David Attenborough - You have to steer a course between not appalling people, but at the same time not misleading them.
David Attenborough - If I can bicycle, I bicycle.
David Attenborough - We are a plague on the Earth.
David Attenborough - It's a moral question about whether we have the right to exterminate species.
David Attenborough - I think we're lucky to be living when we are, because things are going to get worse.
David Attenborough - Well, I'm having a good time. Which makes me feel guilty too. How very English.
David Attenborough - Before the BBC, I joined the Navy in order to travel.
David Attenborough - I think a major element of jetlag is psychological. Nobody ever tells me what time it is at home.
David Attenborough - I just wish the world was twice as big and half of it was still unexplored.
David Bailey - A positive attitude can really make dreams come true - it did for me.
David Bailey - The best advice I ever got was that knowledge is power and to keep reading.
David Bailey - To get rich, you have to be making money while you're asleep.
David Bailey - Being handsome wasn't much of a burden. It worked for me.
David Bailey - The skull is nature's sculpture.
David Bailey - Rockers are the nicest people to photograph. They have no inhibitions.
David Bailey - Anybody can be a great photographer if they zoom in enough on what they love.
David Bailey - I hate being so nostalgic about the Sixties.
David Bailey - I don't think my work does reflect my nationality - I don't like the idea of nationalism.
David Bailey - Kate Moss is the best thing since Jean Shrimpton, really.
David Beckham - I still look at myself and want to improve.
David Beckham - People react to criticism in different ways, and my way is definitely to come out fighting.
David Beckham - As a footballer, you always want to test yourself against the best.
David Beckham - There's room for boys' and girls' football in the world-that's what I believe.
David Beckham - Soccer is a magical game.
David Beckham - Whatever I do, I want to be the best.
David Beckham - Always have something to look forward to.
David Beckham - Every situation has changed me as a person.
David Beckham - That was my way of getting through difficult times of low confidence - hard work.
David Beckham - I'm a strong person, I'm a strong family man, I'm a strong husband and a strong father.
David Blaine - I believe that fear of life brings a greater fear of death.
David Blaine - Basically, I was a kid growing up with a single mother in Brooklyn.
David Blaine - As a kid, I always was obsessed with Houdini.
David Blaine - I was obsessed with the idea of fasting and isolation.
David Blaine - My only fear is the unknown.
David Blaine - We are all capable of infinitely more than we believe.
David Blaine - I have not had time to reflect on my own truths in many years.
David Blaine - I'd like to bring magic back to the place it used to be 100 years ago.
David Blaine - I think great whites are the most beautiful and perfect creatures I've ever seen.
David Blaine - If I asked you to stand in one spot for 35 hours or a certain length of time, you could do it.
David Blunkett - That is why with enormous regret I have tendered my resignation to the prime minister today.
David Blunkett - I did not in late November start the plethora of linking my private life with public events again.
David Blunkett - Throughout my political life, I've not been a stranger to controversy.
David Blunkett - I have made mistakes in the past, but when I have, I have always said so.
David Blunkett - I should have been a Trappist monk.
David Blunkett - It is a mistake to separate learning for work and for community and personal development.
David Blunkett - Politics is only worthwhile if you are doing what you believe, regardless of the slings and arrows.
David Blunkett - I have built my reputation on honesty, I have sometimes been too honest.
David Blunkett - I don't think anyone can say I have said one thing in public and done another in private.
David Blunkett - I have never tried to fiddle my role as leader of the city of Sheffield, as an MP or as a minister.
David Byrne - Real beauty knocks you a little bit off kilter.
David Byrne - You create a community with music, not just at concerts but by talking about it with your friends.
David Byrne - Analysis is like a lobotomy. Who wants to have all their edges shaved off?
David Byrne - Everything's intentional. It's just filling in the dots.
David Byrne - Life tends to be an accumulation of a lot of mundane decisions, which often gets ignored.
David Byrne - I knew I wanted to have a doll of myself on the cover. I thought, I wanna see myself as a Ken doll.
David Byrne - My favorite time of day is to get up and eat leftovers from dinner, especially spicy food.
David Byrne - That's the one for my tombstone... Here lies David Byrne. Why the big suit?
David Byrne - Punk was defined by an attitude rather than a musical style.
David Byrne - To shake your rump is to be environmentally aware.
David Cameron - I am a country boy at heart.
David Cameron - I know the British people and they are not passengers - they are drivers.
David Cameron - Countries are different. They make different choices. We cannot harmonise everything.
David Cameron - Terms are like shredded wheat - two are wonderful, but three might just be too many.
David Cameron - The best route out of poverty, to avoid food bank usage, is to make sure more people get a job.
David Cameron - I was the future once.
David Cameron - Any government I lead will continue with the equality of gay and lesbian people.
David Cameron - Britain is characterized not just by its independence but, above all, by its openness.
David Cameron - More of the same will just produce more of the same: less competitiveness, less growth, fewer jobs.
David Cameron - There is not, in my view, a single European demos.
David Chang - Life's too short to just breeze on by.
David Chang - Everyone tries to compare cooks to rock stars. I see more comparisons to the fashion world.
David Chang - I work so hard that I forget to take care of myself.
David Chang - I'm always criticizing and only see the mistakes.
David Chang - People are trying to figure out what American food is; it's certainly an amalgamation.
David Chang - Fear is a driving force for most of the things that I do. I don't know if that's healthy.
David Chang - The process and organization leading up to cooking the egg can tell you a lot about the cook.
David Chang - The livelihood of the restaurant is dependent upon getting the word out.
David Chang - I wanted to disprove the notion that you couldn't open a great restaurant in a casino.
David Chang - Food, to me, is always about cooking and eating with those you love and care for.
David Duchovny - The happiest moment of my life was probably when my daughter was born.
David Duchovny - I think the real heroic teachers are the ones who work with kids, like my mom and my sister do.
David Duchovny - I'm half Jewish, half Scottish. It's hard for me to buy anything.
David Duchovny - I'm kind of stupid when it comes to gadgets.
David Duchovny - I still feel like I haven't grown up.
David Duchovny - I lost my virginity when I was 14. And I haven't been able to find it.
David Duchovny - I'm not really a gamer.
David Duchovny - I always dreamt of being a basketball player. A dream that only I believed in.
David Duchovny - I may be learning guitar, but I'll never be able to sing.
David Duchovny - People always love and respect characters who speak the truth, even if the truth hurts.
David Duval - It's a silly old game.
David Duval - When I'm swinging well, nobody hits the golf ball any better than I do.
David Duval - But you know, I'm just not a quitter.
David Duval - I've seen the bottom and I know the difference between good golf and bad golf.
David Duval - I've just been working hard, trying to get some good stuff to come out.
David Duval - Confidence is such a fragile and precious thing.
David Duval - You do what you need to if you're serious about playing great golf.
David Duval - We're often portrayed as rich, spoiled athletes who play a game for too much money.
David Duval - And if people do like me, I think it's because I'm a stand-up guy.
David Duval - I know the other side. I know what awful golf is.
David Fincher - Everything seems really simple on paper until you take a camera out of the box.
David Fincher - I think intelligence is totally subjective; it's like sexiness.
David Fincher - My idea of professionalism is probably a lot of people's idea of obsessive.
David Fincher - You know, I don't think I've ever listened to someone's commentary. Ever.
David Fincher - You can make movies for a select audience, but you have to market it to them.
David Fincher - For a romantic comedy to be three hours long, that's longer than most marriages.
David Fincher - I was a disinterested student.
David Fincher - You won't see me on Barbara Walters; Oprah, that's not who I am.
David Fincher - I loved Luke Skywalker and I loved Darth Vader and I loved watching them work it out.
David Fincher - How do you shoot a 150-day movie? You shoot it one day at a time.
David Guterson - There's a certain nostalgia and romance in a place you left.
David Guterson - I think of myself as a really happy person.
David Guterson - It's a brooding melancholy that haunts me.
David Guterson - Cities produce in me melancholy or a tension I don't need.
David Guterson - Hemingway said the only way to write about a place is to leave it.
David Guterson - I grew up in Seattle, but I always knew I wanted to leave.
David Guterson - I have relaxed into my persona as an author, although I used to fight that.
David Guterson - My father is a practicing criminal law attorney in the Seattle area.
David Guterson - Post-modernism is dead because it didn't address human needs.
David Guterson - Fiction is socially meaningful.
David Hasselhoff - I think people know that I've got a good heart.
David Hasselhoff - We made sure nobody died on the show. We made sure nobody ever drowned on 'Baywatch.'
David Hasselhoff - If you're not in the game, you can't hit a home run.
David Hasselhoff - There are many dying children out there whose last wish is to meet me.
David Hasselhoff - I'm six foot four, an all-American guy, and handsome and talented as well!
David Hasselhoff - I feel like Elvis. Only alive.
David Hasselhoff - I look good, but I probably have the insides of Elvis.
David Hasselhoff - Ninety-nine percent of people now call me The Hoff - and it's out of respect.
David Hasselhoff - All I want to do is be onstage. A performer needs to perform.
David Hasselhoff - If you don't respect me you're not gonna get that respect back.
David Hockney - Listening is a positive act: you have to put yourself out to do it.
David Hockney - Enjoyment of the landscape is a thrill.
David Hockney - I prefer living in color.
David Hockney - Drawing is rather like playing chess: your mind races ahead of the moves that you eventually make.
David Hockney - I draw flowers every day and send them to my friends so they get fresh blooms every morning.
David Hockney - Drawing makes you see things clearer, and clearer and clearer still, until your eyes ache.
David Hockney - Art has to move you and design does not, unless it's a good design for a bus.
David Hockney - The moment you cheat for the sake of beauty, you know you're an artist.
David Hockney - I'm a very early riser, and I don't like to miss that beautiful early morning light.
David Hockney - The photograph isn't good enough. It's not real enough.
David Hume - The life of man is of no greater importance to the universe than that of an oyster.
David Hume - Philosophy would render us entirely Pyrrhonian, were not nature too strong for it.
David Hume - Truth springs from argument amongst friends.
David Hume - Scholastic learning and polemical divinity retarded the growth of all true knowledge.
David Hume - The law always limits every power it gives.
David Hume - It is a just political maxim, that every man must be supposed a knave.
David Hume - A propensity to hope and joy is real riches; one to fear and sorrow real poverty.
David Hume - What a peculiar privilege has this little agitation of the brain which we call 'thought'.
David Hume - A purpose, an intention, a design, strikes everywhere even the careless, the most stupid thinker.
David Hume - Beauty, whether moral or natural, is felt, more properly than perceived.
David Icke - The best way of removing negativity is to laugh and be joyous.
David Icke - A gift of truth is the gift of love.
David Icke - Today's mighty oak is just yesterday's nut, that held its ground.
David Icke - Humanity is mind-controlled and only slightly more conscious than your average zombie.
David Icke - Have you ever wondered what your subconscious mind looks like? Well today, I can show you.
David Icke - Infinite love is the only truth. Everything else is illusion.
David Icke - The Earth needs rebels!
David Icke - Terms like 'good' and 'bad' are extremely simplistic in what is a far more complex situation.
David Icke - A group of reptilian humanoids, called the Babylonian Brotherhood, control humanity.
David Icke - I don't edit information, I follow it.
David Lee Roth - Money can't buy you happiness, but it can buy you a yacht big enough to pull up right alongside it.
David Lee Roth - Music is like girlfriends to me; I'm continually astonished by the choices other people make.
David Lee Roth - The problem with self-improvement is knowing when to quit.
David Lee Roth - Rap is poetry to music, like beatniks without beards and bongos.
David Lee Roth - I used to jog but the ice cubes kept falling out of my glass.
David Lee Roth - I'm not conceited. Conceit is a fault and I have no faults.
David Lee Roth - I used to have a drug problem, now I make enough money.
David Lee Roth - The light you see at the end of the tunnel is the front of an oncoming train.
David Lee Roth - The only thing I'm allergic to is criticism.
David Lee Roth - He who knows how will always work for he who knows why.
David Letterman - If it wasn't for the coffee, I'd have no identifiable personality whatsover.
David Letterman - There's not a man, woman or child on the face of the earth who doesn't enjoy a tasty beverage.
David Letterman - There's no business like show business, but there are several businesses like accounting.
David Letterman - I'm just trying to make a smudge on the collective unconscious.
David Letterman - Fall is my favorite season in Los Angeles, watching the birds change color and fall from the trees.
David Letterman - I cannot sing, dance or act; what else would I be but a talk show host.
David Letterman - Anything worth doing is worth overdoing.
David Letterman - There is no off position on the genius switch.
David Letterman - The worst tempered people I have ever met were those who knew that they were wrong.
David Letterman - President Bush says he needs a month off to unwind. Unwind? When the hell does this guy wind?
David Lynch - This whole world is wild at heart and weird on top.
David Lynch - I love super crispy, almost burned, snapping-crispy bacon.
David Lynch - Negativity is the enemy of creativity.
David Lynch - Life is very, very complicated, and so films should be allowed to be, too.
David Lynch - I like cappuccino, actually. But even a bad cup of coffee is better than no coffee at all.
David Lynch - My cow is not pretty, but it is pretty to me.
David Lynch - Francis Bacon is one of my giant inspirations. I just love him to pieces.
David Lynch - The concept of absurdity is something I'm attracted to.
David Lynch - I don't like Thomas Edison. I'm a fan of Nicolai Tesla.
David Lynch - The ideas dictate everything, you have to be true to that or you're dead.
David Mamet - What I value most in my friends is loyalty.
David Mamet - Roll back the clock, and every possession of every great country started with a crime.
David Mamet - It's hard to write a good plot, it's very hard.
David Mamet - I hate the computer. I hate their spell-check. I won't ever do e-mail.
David Mamet - Old age and treachery will always beat youth and exuberance.
David Mamet - In a world we find terrifying, we ratify that which doesn't threaten us.
David Mamet - We respond to a drama to that extent to which it corresponds to our dreamlife.
David Mamet - A good film script should be able to do completely without dialogue.
David Mamet - Always tell the truth - it's the easiest thing to remember.
David Mamet - Every reiteration of the idea that nothing matters debases the human spirit.
David McCullough - A nation that forgets its past can function no better than an individual with amnesia.
David McCullough - Real success is finding you lifework in the work that you love.
David McCullough - I would pay to do what I do if I had to.
David McCullough - I love all sides of the work but that doesn't mean it isn't hard.
David McCullough - Every book is a new journey. I never felt I was an expert on a subject as I embarked on a project.
David McCullough - May none but honest and wise men ever rule under this roof.
David McCullough - No harm's done to history by making it something someone would want to read.
David McCullough - You can't be a full participant in our democracy if you don't know our history.
David McCullough - I'm drawn particularly to stories that evolve out of the character of the protagonist.
David McCullough - I work very hard on the writing, writing and rewriting and trying to weed out the lumber.
David Ogilvy - Never stop testing, and your advertising will never stop improving.
David Ogilvy - The consumer isn't a moron; she is your wife.
David Ogilvy - Our business is infested with idiots who try to impress by using pretentious jargon.
David Ogilvy - Ninety-nine percent of advertising doesn't sell much of anything.
David Ogilvy - If it doesn't sell, it isn't creative.
David Ogilvy - The more informative your advertising, the more persuasive it will be.
David Ogilvy - What really decides consumers to buy or not to buy is the content of your advertising, not its form.
David Ogilvy - The best ideas come as jokes. Make your thinking as funny as possible.
David Ogilvy - A good advertisement is one which sells the product without drawing attention to itself.
David Ogilvy - The advertisers who believe in the selling power of jingles have never had to sell anything.
David Petraeus - Every civilian's death diminishes us, collectively.
David Petraeus - I am not a politician, and I will never be, and I say that with absolute conviction.
David Petraeus - Life is a competitive endeavor.
David Petraeus - We need to learn from our experiences and take responsibilities for our actions and drive on.
David Petraeus - The bottom line is, you really have to commit to something if you're going to be successful in it.
David Petraeus - Counter-insurgency, as you know, is a roller-coaster affair.
David Petraeus - I refuse to use terms like 'optimist' or 'pessimist' and instead prefer 'realist.'
David Petraeus - Being in combat is not unending high-five moments.
David Petraeus - In counterinsurgency operations, the human terrain is the decisive terrain.
David Petraeus - We cannot kill or capture our way out of an industrial-strength insurgency.
David Schwimmer - I like to challenge myself. I like to learn - so I like to try new things and try to keep growing.
David Schwimmer - It's really important to me not to be known as Ross when I'm 60.
David Schwimmer - I spend half my time just living my life, and the other half analyzing it.
David Schwimmer - I had a mustache when I was 13.
David Schwimmer - I'm fiercely loyal to my friends, and I really cherish my friendships.
David Schwimmer - Can I tell you how strange it is to look in your rearview mirror and see guys in cars tailing you?
David Schwimmer - I can't go anywhere without being recognized. I'm.
David Schwimmer - I was a geek in high school.
David Schwimmer - If there's something I want, I go for it. I just think about how I'm going to go for it.
David Schwimmer - You're only as good as the sum of your parts, and one person can't be a team.
David Sedaris - I go to the movies at least five times a week, and after a while everything becomes a blur to me.
David Sedaris - Actually I liked that 'Let the Right One In,' that Swedish vampire movie.
David Sedaris - What other people call dark and despairing, I call funny.
David Sedaris - I like listening to books as well, as that way you can iron at the same time.
David Sedaris - But I don't distinguish between being laughed with, and laughed at. I'll take either.
David Sedaris - I've been keeping diaries for 27 years.
David Sedaris - Lovers of audio books learn to live with compromise.
David Sedaris - I always think it's a good policy to like the people who like you.
David Sedaris - No one writes dialect better than Flannery O'Connor. No one should even try.
David Sedaris - As a foreigner in London, I like that there are so many other foreigners.
David Shields - In many senses, creativity and 'plagiarism' are nearly indivisible.
David Shields - All art is theft.
David Shields - We like non-fiction because we live in fictitious times.
David Shields - We hunger for connection to a larger community.
David Shields - Reality isn't straightforward or easily accessible.
David Shields - I'm just a totally selfish worker bee creating my little mini projects.
David Shields - Seattle has shaped me in a lot of ways.
David Shields - I really love that idea of the essay as an investigation. That's all anyone's life is.
David Shields - Collage is not a kitchen sink; it's not a refuge for the compositionally disabled.
David Shields - I like art with a visible string to the world.
David Suzuki - We must reinvent a future free of blinders so that we can choose from real options.
David Suzuki - The voluntary approach to corporate social responsibility has failed in many cases.
David Suzuki - We have much to learn by studying nature and taking the time to tease out its secrets.
David Suzuki - Feeding our energy appetite is top of mind for many people these days.
David Suzuki - All those hours exploring the great outdoors made me more resilient and confident.
David Suzuki - More than a billion people lack adequate access to clean water.
David Suzuki - Just as human activity is upsetting Earth's carbon cycle, our actions are altering the water cycle.
David Suzuki - Plastic bags are bad and for the most part unnecessary.
David Suzuki - Birds are, especially canaries, are super sensitive to hydrogen sulfide and sour gas.
David Suzuki - Geothermal can be a huge source of energy very quickly.
David Whyte - The great poems are not about experience, but are the experience itself, felt in the body.
David Whyte - I believe that human beings are desperate, always, to belong to something larger than themselves.
David Whyte - Poetry gives us courage and sets us straight with the world. Poems are great companions and friends.
David Whyte - When I'm working with German audiences, I will call on my Rilke and Goethe in the original.
David Whyte - Poetry carries the imagery which is large enough for the kind of life we want for ourselves.
David Whyte - The thing about great poetry is we have no defenses against it.
David Whyte - Stop trying to change reality by attempting to eliminate complexity.
David Whyte - It is not the thing you fear that you must deal with: it is the mother of the thing you fear.
David Whyte - It is difficult to be creative and enthusiastic about anything for which we do not feel affection.
David Whyte - The greatest luxury of having money should be not having to worry about it.
Davy Crockett - You may all go to Hell, and I will go to Texas.
Davy Crockett - Let your tongue speak what your heart thinks.
Davy Crockett - Be always sure you are right - then go ahead.
Davy Crockett - Throughout the day no time for memorandums now. Go ahead! Liberty and independence forever.
Davy Crockett - I would rather be politically dead than hypocritically immortalized.
Davy Crockett - I have always supported measures and principles and not men.
Davy Crockett - Look at my arms, you will find no party hand-cuff on them.
Davy Crockett - I would rather be beaten, and be a man, than to be elected and be a little puppy dog.
Davy Crockett - If one man in the country could take all the money, what was the use of passing any bills about it?
Davy Crockett - The party in power, like Jonah's gourd, grew up quickly, and will quickly fall.
Daymond John - I'm a big advocate of financial intelligence.
Daymond John - You don't have to work for a big corporation if you don't want to.
Daymond John - Poor people put a low value on themselves and their efforts.
Daymond John - A savvy entrepreneur will not always look for investment money, first.
Daymond John - I consider each business investment based on concept and revenue.
Daymond John - If I invest in a CEO, I need him or her to have experience in sales.
Daymond John - My parents always taught me that my day job would never make me rich; it'd be my homework.
Daymond John - As an entrepreneur, you never stop learning.
Daymond John - I've failed way more than I've succeeded.
Daymond John - Mentors, by far, are the most important aspects of businesses.
Dean Kamen - Every once in a while, a new technology, an old problem, and a big idea turn into an innovation.
Dean Kamen - I don't want to think about how many people have thought or still think that I'm crazy.
Dean Kamen - I'm a human entropy producer.
Dean Kamen - If history is any indication, all truths will eventually turn out to be false.
Dean Kamen - If you're going to fail, you might as well fail at the big ones.
Dean Kamen - The city needs a car like a fish needs a bicycle.
Dean Kamen - Nothing that has value, real value, has no cost. Not freedom, not food, not shelter, not healthcare.
Dean Kamen - When I'm told absolutely no, it's a definite maybe.
Dean Kamen - My biggest failure is I have too many to talk about.
Dean Kamen - New ideas in technology are literally a dime-a-dozen, or cheaper than that.
Dean Koontz - Sometimes there is no darker place than our thoughts, the moonless midnight of the mind.
Dean Koontz - When tempest tossed, embrace chaos.
Dean Koontz - Human beings can always be relied upon to exert, with vigor, their God-given right to be stupid.
Dean Koontz - Nothing gives us courage more readily than the desire to avoid looking like a damn fool.
Dean Koontz - Civilization rests on the fact that most people do the right thing most of the time.
Dean Koontz - What we do as a society is seek simple answers.
Dean Koontz - I think the world is full of evil people. I think in some ways we're in more danger now than before.
Dean Koontz - Each reader needs to bring his or her own mind and heart to the text.
Dean Koontz - If I drive myself to the brink of my ability, then I don't get stale or bored.
Dean Koontz - I do give books as gifts sometimes, when people would rather have one than a new Ferrari.
Dean Ornish - What matters most is your overall way of eating and living.
Dean Ornish - Joy of living is sustainable; fear of dying is not.
Dean Ornish - I never give up hope.
Dean Ornish - An educated patient is empowered; thus, more likely to become healthy.
Dean Ornish - Make choices to empower yourself.
Dean Ornish - Physical exercise is a great way to discharge stressful feelings that accumulate during the day.
Dean Ornish - Even more than feeling healthy, most people want to feel free and in control.
Dean Ornish - Lifestyle changes may slow, stop, or even reverse the progression of early-stage prostate cancer.
Dean Ornish - If we're not careful, we become that which we most fear.
Dean Ornish - Too much power in any institution tends to stifle innovation.
Debbie Ford - We have to choose faith even if we don't feel it. Or hold on to a friend who has faith.
Debbie Ford - Congruence, integration, responsibility and integrity are the values that I stand for.
Debbie Ford - I think that any time of great pain is a time of transformation, a fertile time to plant new seeds.
Debbie Ford - Your soul's desires compel you to grow, evolve and move closer to your highest potential.
Debbie Ford - Compassion is the key to living outside the confines of your lower self.
Debbie Ford - God's will can become your internal reference point from this day forward; it is your choice.
Debbie Ford - Devotion begins at home, inside your own awareness.
Debbie Ford - I define God as an energy - a spiritual energy. It has no denomination. It has no judgments.
Debbie Ford - I grew up very insecure. From the time I was little I used to hide under my mother's dress.
Debbie Ford - We were birthed with one soul to take care of, and we must take care of it.
Debbie Harry - Being hot never hurts!
Debbie Harry - The only person I really believe in is me.
Debbie Harry - I don't mind if my skull ends up on a shelf as long as it's got my name on it.
Debbie Harry - I've had some lovely extraordinary experiences on New Year's Eve.
Debbie Harry - I'm a culture vulture, and I just want to experience it all.
Debbie Harry - I have a lot of regrets, but I'm not going to think of them as regrets.
Debbie Harry - Lately I've been believing that music predates speech.
Debbie Harry - Capote wrote every day. He said that's the only way, you have to sit down every day and do it.
Debbie Harry - Music is wonderful. Especially if there's some kind of content to it.
Debbie Harry - Something's that written out is okay, but it's not always a clear indication of what a person means.
Debbie Reynolds - I gave it all that I had, and it's gratifying that others seem to be receiving it so well.
Debbie Reynolds - You just never give up. You do a task to the best of your abilities and beyond.
Debbie Reynolds - I wanted to get that sense of peace and even boredom that comes with long familiarity.
Debbie Reynolds - You all know who she is. There's very little she isn't.
Debbie Reynolds - I want happiness for my daughter - I want Carrie to be happy.
Debbie Reynolds - Well, one of the things I did was recreate her home in my home.
Debbie Reynolds - I love having my ghosts, and I love having my memories.
Debbie Reynolds - The only way to make it through life is to fight.
Debbie Reynolds - When you were under contract, you did what you were told to do.
Debbie Reynolds - I spent some special years in my hometown of El Paso.
Debi Mazar - With the breast-feeding, I really love the bonding. Real life is more important to me.
Debi Mazar - I truly have a love-hate thing with the press.
Debi Mazar - Life is just too short to count calories forever!
Debi Mazar - I'm naturally a muscular gal with some curves, so eating a Mediterranean diet makes my body happy.
Debi Mazar - Being typecast is a great thing for an actor. I was considered one of the New York mob actors.
Debi Mazar - My wrists, which are tattooed with my daughters' names, are always occupied by a watch.
Debi Mazar - I have a very high metabolism, and I have to constantly eat to keep on going.
Debi Mazar - I'm a girl who's curvy, and I'm Latvian, but I don't have hips, and I have a tiny waist.
Debi Mazar - I can't live without carbs.
Debi Mazar - I have a full Tuscan lunch and dinner every day in my home; my husband's a fantastic chef.
Deborah Tannen - Each person's life is lived as a series of conversations.
Deborah Tannen - Each underestimates her own power and overestimates the other's.
Deborah Tannen - We all know we are unique individuals, but we tend to see others as representatives of groups.
Deborah Tannen - We tend to look through language and not realize how much power language has.
Deborah Tannen - Our ways of relating to each other become like habits.
Deborah Tannen - All of us aspire to be powerful, and we all want to connect with others.
Deborah Tannen - For women, detailed conversation is our lifeblood, while for men it's just not as critical.
Deborah Tannen - We all feel wistfulness or regret about roads not taken.
Deborah Tannen - Birth order is fascinating, and it is forever.
Deborah Tannen - Relationships are made of talk - and talk is for girls and women.
Dee Hock - Every mind is a room packed with archaic furniture.
Dee Hock - Make an empty space in any corner of your mind, and creativity will instantly fill it.
Dee Hock - An organization, no matter how well designed, is only as good as the people who live and work in it.
Dee Hock - Make a careful list of all things done to you that you abhorred. Don't do them to others, ever.
Dee Hock - Make another list of things done for you that you loved. Do them for others, always.
Dee Hock - Experience is easy to provide and quickly put to good use by people with all the other qualities.
Dee Hock - Preserve substance; modify form; know the difference.
Dee Hock - Clean out a corner of your mind and creativity will instantly fill it.
Dee Hock - Substance is enduring, form is ephemeral.
Dee Hock - Language was a huge expansion of that capacity to deal with information.
Deepika Padukone - I like statement earrings.
Deepika Padukone - The fruit of your own hard work is the sweetest.
Deepika Padukone - Maybe because I am from a sports background, I don't give up easily. I am a fighter.
Deepika Padukone - Relationships or not, I believe that people don't need to know about my life beyond a certain point.
Deepika Padukone - I'm a strong believer in the fact that women are born to multi-task. God has made us like that.
Deepika Padukone - My parents worry all the time because I trust people very easily.
Deepika Padukone - I meditate. I breathe out what I can't control and focus on the positives.
Deepika Padukone - I'm not into superhero movies, but I love cartoons. Tweety bird is my favourite.
Deepika Padukone - There are days when I love a fresh blow-dry, but sometimes I just go with bedhead.
Deepika Padukone - India is home, and that's never going to change.
Dele Alli - We've got to be right mentally - to stay focused and not get carried away if results go our way.
Dele Alli - I haven't changed. I'm still the same boy, and I'm just going to keep doing what I'm doing.
Dele Alli - When I signed for Tottenham, my target was to get 10 starts.
Dele Alli - You always look to impress.
Dele Alli - When things don't go your way, you've got to keep trying to do the right things.
Dele Alli - It is important we don't become complacent, do our job and stay professional.
Dele Alli - Whoever is managing you, you want to play your best and do your best for your country.
Dele Alli - Defensively, I could be a lot better; my decision-making at times can be a bit poor.
Dele Alli - It's not something I worry about: I can control my temper!
Dele Alli - Whoever you're playing against, you want to do as well as you can.
Demetri Martin - I wanna make a jigsaw puzzle that's 40,000 pieces. And when you finish it, it says 'go outside.'
Demetri Martin - The bird, the bee, the running child are all the same to the sliding glass door.
Demetri Martin - Saying, 'I'm sorry' is the same as saying, ' I apologize.' Except at a funeral.
Demetri Martin - I used to play sports. Then I realized you can buy trophies. Now I am good at everything.
Demetri Martin - The worst time to have a heart attack is during a game of charades.
Demetri Martin - A drunk driver is very dangerous. So is a drunk backseat driver if he's persuasive.
Demetri Martin - Another term for balloon is bad breath holder.
Demetri Martin - The digital camera is a great invention because it allows us to reminisce. Instantly.
Demetri Martin - My plumbing is all screwed up. Because it turns out, I do not own a garbage disposal.
Demetri Martin - I think it's interesting that 'cologne' rhymes with 'alone.'
Demi Lovato - Creativity is what helps me escape a lot of my inner demons.
Demi Lovato - I want to be fearless.
Demi Lovato - Sometimes I think, 'Why couldn't I have been normal?'
Demi Lovato - Rocker dudes don't have a lot of swagger.
Demi Lovato - Sometimes you don't know who you can and cannot trust. I still learn that over and over again.
Demi Lovato - I love life on the road. I'm in a different city every night and it never gets old.
Demi Lovato - I still had a normal childhood with my friends from school.
Demi Lovato - I've come to realize your career is all about the choices you make. Every single one matters.
Demi Lovato - If it takes me 10 years to be the musician I want to be, great.
Demi Lovato - After hundreds of auditions and nothing, you're sitting home and wondering, 'What am I doing?'
Democritus - Happiness resides not in possessions, and not in gold, happiness dwells in the soul.
Democritus - Our sins are more easily remembered than our good deeds.
Democritus - I would rather discover one true cause than gain the kingdom of Persia.
Democritus - Men should strive to think much and know little.
Democritus - Nothing exists except atoms and empty space; everything else is opinion.
Democritus - Raising children is an uncertain thing; success is reached only after a life of battle and worry.
Democritus - Good means not merely not to do wrong, but rather not to desire to do wrong.
Democritus - Throw moderation to the winds, and the greatest pleasures bring the greatest pains.
Democritus - It is godlike ever to think on something beautiful and on something new.
Democritus - Everything existing in the universe is the fruit of chance and necessity.
Denis Diderot - You have to make it happen.
Denis Diderot - There is only one passion, the passion for happiness.
Denis Diderot - The best doctor is the one you run to and can't find.
Denis Diderot - Skepticism is the first step on the road to philosophy.
Denis Diderot - The blood of Jesus Christ can cover a multitude of sins, it seems to me.
Denis Diderot - No man has received from nature the right to command his fellow human beings.
Denis Diderot - The God of the Christians is a father who makes much of his apples, and very little of his children.
Denis Diderot - Only passions, great passions can elevate the soul to great things.
Denis Diderot - Pithy sentences are like sharp nails which force truth upon our memory.
Denis Diderot - Justice is the first virtue of those who command, and stops the complaints of those who obey.
Denis Leary - Not eating meat is a decision, eating meat is an instinct.
Denis Leary - Firefighters are some of the most selfless public servants you will ever encounter.
Denis Leary - I want you to take away the hope because that's the thing that's killing me.
Denis Leary - My biggest regret in life is that I didn't hit John Denver in the mouth while I has the chance.
Denis Leary - Vacuuming is great. I do the laundry. I love washing machines. I'm the maid in my house.
Denis Leary - I'm still pretty self-centered, greedy and angry.
Denis Leary - I'm really good at laundry, and I have no problem cleaning the kitchen.
Denis Leary - I've eaten things that didn't complain this much.
Denis Leary - Hockey's my favorite sport.
Denis Leary - I'm not really a Spider-Man fan. I'm more of a Batman guy.
Denis Villeneuve - The problem in cinema is that you can never predict what will happen.
Denis Villeneuve - I think a good director is a good listener.
Denis Villeneuve - In contradiction and paradox, you can find truth.
Denis Villeneuve - Making poetry with a camera - that's the essence of what I do.
Denis Villeneuve - I've always been in love with language. My favorite book is a dictionary. I have always loved words.
Denis Villeneuve - When I use violence in a movie, it's just to express the power, the impact of it.
Denis Villeneuve - It's not about choosing a specific genre; that's not how I go about deciding what movies to make.
Denis Villeneuve - I like the idea that cinema is a spectacle.
Denis Villeneuve - I always thought, like everyone, that Hollywood was a superhero factory.
Denis Villeneuve - I always have a strange feeling that projects choose you. It's always mysterious.
Denis Waitley - A smile is the light in your window that tells others that there is a caring, sharing person inside.
Denis Waitley - Determination gives you the resolve to keep going in spite of the roadblocks that lay before you.
Denis Waitley - You must look within for value, but must look beyond for perspective.
Denis Waitley - Expect the best, plan for the worst, and prepare to be surprised.
Denis Waitley - Chase your passion, not your pension.
Denis Waitley - You must stick to your conviction, but be ready to abandon your assumptions.
Denis Waitley - You must welcome change as the rule but not as your ruler.
Denis Waitley - Winners are people with definite purpose in life.
Denis Waitley - Losers make promises they often break. Winners make commitments they always keep.
Denis Waitley - Success in life comes not from holding a good hand, but in playing a poor hand well.
Dennis Farina - I think first impressions are important when you pick up a script.
Dennis Farina - The British have slang words, as we do, but it was fun.
Dennis Farina - As far as carrying the American banner, you just do what's right for the kids.
Dennis Farina - I've tried writing. Two days later I'd go visit it and say, Jesus Christ, who wrote this crap?
Dennis Farina - Rooting for the Cubs is not easy, but the best things in life never are.
Dennis Farina - One of the funny things in life to me is a guy who takes himself very seriously.
Dennis Farina - I have no message or answers to social questions.
Dennis Farina - My parents, I don't know about 'strict,' but I would say they were fair and judicious, you know?
Dennis Farina - I was a policeman for 18 years.
Dennis Farina - I have a home in Arizona. I go a couple months a year, but basically Chicago is my home.
Dennis Miller - A recent police study found that you're much more likely to get shot by a fat cop if you run.
Dennis Miller - The death penalty is becoming a way of life in this country.
Dennis Miller - I want to help the helpless, but I don't want to help the clueless.
Dennis Miller - I'm one of the more pessimistic cats on the planet. I make Van Gogh look like a rodeo clown.
Dennis Miller - Born again?! No, I'm not. Excuse me for getting it right the first time.
Dennis Miller - Washington, DC is to lying what Wisconsin is to cheese.
Dennis Miller - I rant, therefore I am.
Dennis Miller - Here in Hollywood you can actually get a marriage license printed on an Etch-A-Sketch.
Dennis Miller - Elected office holds more perks than Elvis' nightstand.
Dennis Miller - Never have lives less lived been more chronicled.
Dennis Potter - Everything we do has consequences.
Dennis Potter - You have to assert something about yourself in order to be yourself.
Dennis Potter - The more my work improves or broadens or widens, the more surely I tame myself.
Dennis Potter - Metaphor is embodied in language.
Dennis Potter - It is a dangerous thing to have instant access to your emotions.
Dennis Potter - Children can write poetry and then, unless they're poets, they stop when reach puberty.
Dennis Potter - I did not fully understand the dread term 'terminal illness' until I saw Heathrow for myself.
Dennis Potter - The trouble with words is that you never know whose mouths they have been in.
Dennis Potter - I think childhood is to everyone a lost land.
Dennis Potter - To love it too much is to obscure and not see what is there.
Dennis Prager - The Left has always sought single, non-values-based explanations for human behavior.
Dennis Prager - It is easier to take a position in the abstract than when it hits home.
Dennis Prager - Those indoctrinated by leftist thinking become largely incapable of making accurate moral judgments.
Dennis Prager - There's a lot more power in calm than in vituperation.
Dennis Prager - Those who believe in nothing are very, very jealous and angry at those who believe in something.
Dennis Prager - Socialism values equality more than liberty.
Dennis Prager - Most young people have tremendous respect for older people's views.
Dennis Prager - Corruption is Africa's greatest problem. Not poverty. Not lack of riches. Not racism.
Dennis Prager - There is little correlation between the circumstances of people's lives and how happy they are.
Dennis Prager - Liberals tend to put the onus of your success on society and conservatives on you and your family.
Dennis Quaid - I always want to find the best burger in town.
Dennis Quaid - I want to work with great people. Great people really make you better.
Dennis Quaid - I really love doing what I do, being an actor. It's the greatest. You can do it until you die.
Dennis Quaid - I went out for the football team but, you know, I was too small. That's how I wound up in drama.
Dennis Quaid - I'm lucky. I have a high metabolism, so I pretty much eat anything and everything.
Dennis Quaid - When you break up, your whole identity is shattered. It's like death.
Dennis Quaid - I have a resistance to change in things that I feel comfortable with and that I'm used to.
Dennis Quaid - What, like I want to look like Dick Clark? No. I think I look great with liver spots.
Dennis Quaid - Sometimes in movies, I still have to be the hero, but it's not all that important to me anymore.
Dennis Quaid - I've done so many movies that when I see them I don't really watch them.
Dennis Rodman - This life is like a swimming pool. You dive into the water, but you can't see how deep it is.
Dennis Rodman - The one thing I do that nobody else does is jump three and four times for one rebound.
Dennis Rodman - When a high-profile personality lives like I do, everybody thinks that person is fated to die young.
Dennis Rodman - Why should I try to make you believe the things I believe in?
Dennis Rodman - I'm trying to find new ways to make this game more attractive.
Dennis Rodman - I'm starting to see players copy what I do. I'm flattered.
Dennis Rodman - Everybody's talking trash these days, so why not keep quiet?
Dennis Rodman - There is so much hypocrisy in sports.
Dennis Rodman - I couldn't care less if the guy I'm guarding has HIV. I'm going to slam him anyway.
Dennis Rodman - I don't trust what this life has given me.
Denzel Washington - You pray for rain, you gotta deal with the mud too. That's a part of it.
Denzel Washington - I never really had the classic struggle. I had faith.
Denzel Washington - I say luck is when an opportunity comes along and you're prepared for it.
Denzel Washington - My faith helps me understand that circumstances don't dictate my happiness, my inner peace.
Denzel Washington - Man gives you the award but God gives you the reward.
Denzel Washington - I think a role model is a mentor - someone you see on a daily basis, and you learn from them.
Denzel Washington - Acting is just a way of making a living, the family is life.
Denzel Washington - If you don't trust the pilot, don't go.
Denzel Washington - You have to grab moments when they happen. I like to improvise and ad lib.
Denzel Washington - The poorest people are the sweetest people.
Derek Bok - There is far too much law for those who can afford it and far too little for those who cannot.
Derek Bok - I suspect that no community will become humane and caring by restricting what its members can say.
Derek Bok - I think one thing that does cause unhappiness is protracted anxiety and worry.
Derek Bok - The oldest of the arts and the youngest of the professions.
Derek Bok - Freshly minted Ph.Ds typically teach the way their favorite professors taught.
Derek Bok - Greater inequality in Europe has made people less happy.
Derek Bok - Fewer than half of all university professors publish as much as one article per year.
Derek Bok - Early admission programs tend to advantage the advantaged.
Derek Bok - Universities are in a position where they can think very creatively.
Derek Bok - Good teaching is creating really interesting generalizations out of war stories.
Derek Jeter - I love it when people doubt me. It makes me work harder to prove them wrong.
Derek Jeter - When you put a lot of hard work into one goal and you achieve it, that's a really good feeling.
Derek Jeter - You know what I want to do? Wake up one weekend and not have to go anywhere and do nothing.
Derek Jeter - My best vacation is somewhere I could hide, somewhere warm and not a lot of people around.
Derek Jeter - Your image isn't your character. Character is what you are as a person.
Derek Jeter - You don't just accidentally show up in the World Series.
Derek Jeter - God, I hope I wear this jersey forever.
Derek Jeter - I think sometimes people need to get used to an idea.
Derek Jeter - I've found that it's easier to stay in shape than it is to get into shape.
Derek Jeter - My heroes, my dreams, and my future lay in Yankee Stadium. And they can't take that away from me.
Desi Arnaz - Joe McCarthy and his Senate hearings were like witch-hunts.
Desi Arnaz - Nobody bats 500. We all make mistakes.
Desi Arnaz - An audience is so important. I would never have had the guts to dub in that big a laugh.
Desi Arnaz - Failure is the most terrible thing in our business. When we fail, the whole world knows about it.
Desi Arnaz - Lucy and I would love furiously and fight furiously.
Desi Arnaz - Since I was very young I have always worked hard at whatever I have had to do.
Desi Arnaz - Good things do not come easy. The road is lined with pitfalls.
Desi Arnaz - The thing I remember about New York was how little I felt. I arrived with one small bag and $15.
Desi Arnaz - Al Jolson was one of the greatest entertainers who ever lived.
Desi Arnaz - Drinking intensifies all your pressures and your needs.
Desiderius Erasmus - Give light, and the darkness will disappear of itself.
Desiderius Erasmus - Your library is your paradise.
Desiderius Erasmus - He who allows oppression shares the crime.
Desiderius Erasmus - In the kingdom of the blind, the one-eyed man is king.
Desiderius Erasmus - Prevention is better than cure.
Desiderius Erasmus - When I get a little money I buy books; and if any is left I buy food and clothes.
Desiderius Erasmus - It is the chiefest point of happiness that a man is willing to be what he is.
Desiderius Erasmus - By a Carpenter mankind was made, and only by that Carpenter can mankind be remade.
Desiderius Erasmus - Fortune favors the audacious.
Desiderius Erasmus - Man's mind is so formed that it is far more susceptible to falsehood than to truth.
Diana Ross - If I have someone who believes in me, I can move mountains.
Diana Ross - You know, you do need mentors, but in the end, you really just need to believe in yourself.
Diana Ross - I don't get fat, I get skinny.
Diana Ross - It takes a long time to get to be a diva. I mean, you gotta work at it.
Diana Ross - It has always been, and still is, my intention to build a playground in Central Park.
Diana Ross - I want an autobiography without revealing any personal information.
Diana Ross - I don't have to sit around and wait for the next movie to come along, I can go out and sing.
Diana Ross - I was brought up in this part of Detroit that they used to call the ghetto.
Diana Ross - I look forward to the future - and going into the studio to make new music.
Diana Ross - I don't think getting in and out of a limousine has anything to do with being an icon.
Diane Arbus - A photograph is a secret about a secret. The more it tells you the less you know.
Diane Arbus - The more specific you are, the more general it'll be.
Diane Arbus - My favorite thing is to go where I've never been.
Diane Arbus - Love involves a peculiar unfathomable combination of understanding and misunderstanding.
Diane Arbus - The thing that's important to know is that you never know. You're always sort of feeling your way.
Diane Arbus - Nothing is ever the same as they said it was.
Diane Arbus - My favourite thing is to go where I've never been.
Diane Arbus - You see someone on the street, and essentially what you notice about them is the flaw.
Diane Arbus - I really believe there are things nobody would see if I didn't photograph them.
Diane Arbus - I never have taken a picture I've intended. They're always better or worse.
Diane von Furstenberg - I never knew what I wanted to do, but I knew the kind of woman I wanted to be.
Diane von Furstenberg - Insecurity is a waste of time.
Diane von Furstenberg - Simplicity and sexiness, that's what people want. At a price that's not outrageous.
Diane von Furstenberg - The important thing is to take your time and not get stressed.
Diane von Furstenberg - I design for the woman who loves being a woman.
Diane von Furstenberg - Beauty is perfect in its imperfections, so you just have to go with the imperfections.
Diane von Furstenberg - My best friend is me, and I take good care of me.
Diane von Furstenberg - I get ideas about what's essential when packing my suitcase.
Diane von Furstenberg - Just don't go to a place where everything is too expensive... it'll put your husband in a bad mood.
Diane von Furstenberg - Italy will always have the best food.
Dianne Feinstein - Women have begun to see that if I go through that doorway, I take everybody through it.
Dianne Feinstein - Banning guns addresses a fundamental right of all Americans to feel safe.
Dianne Feinstein - Toughness doesn't have to come in a pinstripe suit.
Dianne Feinstein - Winning may not be everything, but losing has little to recommend it.
Dianne Feinstein - Ports are the gaping hole in America's homeland security.
Dianne Feinstein - Survival is nothing more than recovery.
Dianne Feinstein - Ninety percent of leadership is the ability to communicate something people want.
Dianne Feinstein - Well, that day is gone, and it will not occur again.
Dianne Feinstein - It is my belief that tax credits only go to people who are making money, and they generally keep it.
Dianne Feinstein - America is big enough to admit when it's wrong and confident enough to learn from its mistakes.
Dick Cavett - If your parents never had children, chances are... neither will you.
Dick Cavett - To label me an intellectual is a misunderstanding of what that is.
Dick Cavett - If your parents never had children, chances are you won't either.
Dick Cavett - Meryl Streep belongs on anybody's list of greats.
Dick Cavett - It's no fun being a specimen.
Dick Cavett - As long as people will accept crap, it will be financially profitable to dispense it.
Dick Cavett - I don't feel old. I feel like a young man that has something wrong with him.
Dick Cavett - I get a kick out of people saying I was funny.
Dick Cavett - My IQ is somewhere between Spiro Agnew's and Albert Einstein's.
Dick Cavett - Sloppy language leads to sloppy thought, and sloppy thought to sloppy legislation.
Dick Cheney - I am a deficit hawk.
Dick Cheney - Reagan proved deficits don't matter.
Dick Cheney - I don't pay a lot of attention, frankly, to what Barack Obama says.
Dick Cheney - It is easy to take liberty for granted, when you have never had it taken from you.
Dick Cheney - We must be prepared to face our responsibilities and be willing to use force if necessary.
Dick Cheney - I do find that the mainstream media oftentimes is what I would consider off base or has a bias.
Dick Cheney - Direct threats require decisive action.
Dick Cheney - Except for the occasional heart attack, I never felt better.
Dick Cheney - We have to make America the best place in the world to do business.
Dick Cheney - We will, in fact, be greeted as liberators.
Dick Dale - Every song is like a painting.
Dick Dale - I called it Rockabilly 'cause I was rocking the strums, which you're not supposed to do.
Dick Dale - There's a saying. If you want someone to love you forever, buy a dog, feed it and keep it around.
Dick Dale - I almost had to have my leg amputated because of an infection.
Dick Dale - You can't eat fish. It's 6,000 parts DDT per million all over the world, not counting radiation.
Dick Dale - I actually first picked up an ukulele before I picked up a guitar.
Dick Dale - The Stratocaster is like the Rolls-Royce. It can never be surpassed.
Dick Dale - You know what the doctors call me? 'The Cancer Warrior.'
Dick Dale - I make jokes because humor is the greatest healing factor that there is.
Dick Dale - Whatever you do, don't take shortcuts. It's great advice to take and live by.
Dick Gregory - If it wasn't for Abe Lincoln, I'd still be on the open market.
Dick Gregory - I never learned hate at home, or shame. I had to go to school for that.
Dick Gregory - When you have a good mother and no father, God kind of sits in. It's not enough, but it helps.
Dick Gregory - There is a limit on how much information you can keep bottled up.
Dick Gregory - Love is very dangerous if you just have love and don't have the ability to be lovable.
Dick Gregory - Once I realised the value of making people laugh, I got very good at it. Fast.
Dick Gregory - My belief is, you know, certain things have to be explained that's never been explained.
Dick Gregory - There's a God force inside of you that gives you a will to live.
Dick Gregory - Everything we do we should look at in terms of millions of people who can't afford it.
Dick Gregory - I wouldn't mind paying taxes - if I knew they were going to a friendly country.
Dick Van Dyke - I've made peace with insecurity... because there is no security of any kind.
Dick Van Dyke - Women will never be as successful as men because they have no wives to advise them.
Dick Van Dyke - I loved to fall down.
Dick Van Dyke - I've retired so many times now it's getting to be a habit.
Dick Van Dyke - I think it's being thrown at the wolves, we call it in our business.
Dick Van Dyke - I can't work with my brother without laughing.
Dick Van Dyke - I went from my mother to my wife. And to this day, I can't bear to be alone.
Dick Van Dyke - The secret to keeping moving is keeping moving.
Dick Van Dyke - I'm not a loner. I have to have a life partner.
Dick Van Dyke - But once we got on the air, everybody except Morey Amsterdam pretty much stuck to the script.
Diego Costa - My mindset is always to be victorious, to win the match.
Diego Costa - I do my best; I go onto the pitch and I play to the best of my ability.
Diego Costa - I want to be competitive; I want to run all over - I want to win.
Diego Costa - Don't put wings on me; I am no angel.
Diego Costa - Chelsea's fans love me a lot, even more than in Atletico. Figure that!
Diego Costa - I wished I could go back to Atletico; I'm not going to lie.
Diego Costa - Life has many turns.
Diego Costa - There are managers who always say what people want to hear. I think that's not good.
Diego Costa - It's important to be right physically.
Diego Costa - Check my records: you'll find I've never caused a bad injury to a player.
Diego Maradona - My mother thinks I am the best. And I was raised to always believe what my mother tells me.
Diego Maradona - Of course in the first matches you are more careful, perhaps more careful than you should be.
Diego Maradona - To see the ball, to run after it, makes me the happiest man in the world.
Diego Maradona - You can say a lot of things about me, but you can never say I don't take risks.
Diego Maradona - I gave all I had. Now I want to enjoy my family.
Diego Maradona - I'd give my life to be the national team coach.
Diego Maradona - The problem is that they are all stars at Madrid. You need someone to carry the water to the well.
Diego Maradona - There are hundreds of Beckhams playing football all over the world.
Diego Maradona - I'm not desperate but I know that some day I'll be the coach again of some team.
Diego Maradona - I am black or white, I'll never be grey in my life.
Dierks Bentley - When I was 13, I was just figuring out how to play 'Eruption,' poorly, by Eddie Van Halen.
Dierks Bentley - I mean, the last thing I want to do is be involved in politics.
Dierks Bentley - And if I want to get involved in choosing sides, I usually pick hockey or football.
Dierks Bentley - I do see the world as being different for girls - especially now, having daughters.
Dierks Bentley - Growing up in Arizona, I love fireworks, shooting off bottle rockets and M80s.
Dierks Bentley - I love singing fun songs; I've built a career on them.
Dierks Bentley - I'm a huge fan of Billy Idol. I spiked my hair every day like him in 7th and 8th grade.
Dierks Bentley - I'm a member of the George Jones fan club, and I'm a member of U2's fan club.
Dierks Bentley - I think I've claimed the right to be any version of me that I want to be.
Dierks Bentley - That's what we get to do as songwriters, right? You get to explore stuff.
Dimebag Darrell - The worst advice I ever received from my dad was to play by the book.
Dimebag Darrell - If you improvise a riff and the crowd immediately reacts to it, you know you're on to something.
Dimebag Darrell - Always have a collection of your favorite CDs with you.
Dimebag Darrell - Every song is different.
Dimebag Darrell - A lot of bands whine about the road and how tough it is.
Dimebag Darrell - I used to skip school and paint my face with Ace Frehley Kiss make-up.
Dimebag Darrell - It kills me when I see some metal band trying to pass themselves off as an 'alternative band.'
Dimebag Darrell - I would just listen to records and learn what I could, then just roll it over and over and over.
Dimebag Darrell - I'm into sounds, man.
Dimebag Darrell - Make your heart bleed! Put your soul into that damn thing. And try new things.
Dinesh D'Souza - Obama gets his identity and his ideology from his father.
Dinesh D'Souza - For me, victory isn't measured by winning in the traditional sense.
Dinesh D'Souza - Christianity has always embraced both reason and faith.
Dinesh D'Souza - Barack Obama is the most antibusiness president in a generation, perhaps in American history.
Dinesh D'Souza - A bigot is simply a sociologist without credentials.
Dinesh D'Souza - Other countries have been founded by 'accidents of force.' America is a creation of thought.
Dinesh D'Souza - I love America, but I chose America.
Dinesh D'Souza - Christianity is the very root and foundation of Western civilization.
Dinesh D'Souza - I would argue that the issue of God and the issue of science have the same roots.
Dinesh D'Souza - I want to give Michael Moore a run for his money.
Diogenes - The foundation of every state is the education of its youth.
Diogenes - There is only a finger's difference between a wise man and a fool.
Diogenes - What I like to drink most is wine that belongs to others.
Diogenes - Dogs and philosophers do the greatest good and get the fewest rewards.
Diogenes - Stand a little less between me and the sun.
Diogenes - The sun too penetrates into privies, but is not polluted by them.
Diogenes - In a rich man's house there is no place to spit but his face.
Diogenes - He has the most who is most content with the least.
Diogenes - Why not whip the teacher when the pupil misbehaves?
Diogenes - A friend is one soul abiding in two bodies.
Dita Von Teese - I've always loved the idea of not being what people expect me to be.
Dita Von Teese - I advocate glamour. Every day. Every minute.
Dita Von Teese - My beauty icons are women whose images are self-created.
Dita Von Teese - I started dressing vintage when I was a teenager because I didn't have money for designer clothes.
Dita Von Teese - I don't feel I have an alter ego.
Dita Von Teese - Physical beauty isn't so impressive to me.
Dita Von Teese - I'd say the only time I ever get nervous is around great ballet dancers or people I really admire.
Dita Von Teese - I really believe that beauty comes from health - sensible eating and exercise.
Dita Von Teese - I like having my cellphone. I like the Internet. I like being different.
Dita Von Teese - I'm more of an exaggerator than a liar.
Divyanka Tripathi - I really believe that some things happen for a reason, and they make you a better person.
Divyanka Tripathi - After certain ups and downs, a person does change, and I have changed for good.
Divyanka Tripathi - If you are good to people, they reciprocate with good behaviour.
Divyanka Tripathi - I look forward to a life partner who can look after me and respect me.
Divyanka Tripathi - In India, public display of affection is frowned upon.
Divyanka Tripathi - Small things make me happy, and I laugh out loud on the silliest of jokes!
Divyanka Tripathi - Never fight with or disrespect your partner in front of other people.
Divyanka Tripathi - My best memories in life are with my elder sister Priyanka Tiwari and my brother Aishwarya Tripathi.
Divyanka Tripathi - It feels good when you learn to move on in life.
Divyanka Tripathi - I have a memory problem. My family and friends call me Lady Ghajini.
DJ Khaled - You gotta water your plants. Nobody can water them for you.
DJ Khaled - Key is never be afraid of being yourself. Never!
DJ Khaled - I want more of my favorite artists or more of the guy that makes the anthems. I want more.
DJ Khaled - I want to appeal to everyone. Because I'm not saying I'm the best, but we the best.
DJ Khaled - I wake up every day inspiring myself, because God gave me life.
DJ Khaled - I'm an entrepreneur. I'm a young mogul. I'm blessed.
DJ Khaled - One of my major keys is actually the master keys: God.
DJ Khaled - I don't think I would run for president.
DJ Khaled - Jeb Bush, I appreciate you. You a leader. You a Bush.
DJ Khaled - It's safe to say headphones is a good business.
DMX - I just find myself happy with the simple things. Appreciating the blessings God gave me.
DMX - I been the same dude my whole life.
DMX - Do dirt, get dirt. So I treat people with the same respect that I want.
DMX - Every day, I get closer to God. Every day, my will to do the right thing gets stronger.
DMX - I'm not going to disrespect you, don't disrespect me.
DMX - I know I may have done some bad things, but I'm not a bad person.
DMX - There's a difference between violence and senseless violence.
DMX - I don't walk around big headed. I'm not a superstar.
DMX - I feel like Sony appreciates good music from a talented artist.
DMX - Somebody's upset with every movie.
Don Cornelius - Love, peace and soul.
Don Cornelius - It's always a pleasure to find something that matters.
Don Cornelius - Almost all of what I learned about mounting and hosting a dance show I learned from Dick Clark.
Don Cornelius - When you come up with a good idea, you don't have to do a whole lot. The idea does it for you.
Don Cornelius - When I have a job to do, time means nothing. I lose patience with people who work on a clock.
Don Cornelius - I am just convinced that people want to see people on TV who are more like themselves.
Don Cornelius - Nobody really invents anything that hasn't been done before.
Don Cornelius - There were three great child singing stars: Michael Jackson, Stevie Wonder and Jackie Washington.
Don Cornelius - I had difficulty working for other people.
Don Cornelius - Who's more important than Diana Ross?
Don King - Hypocrisy is the mother of all evil and racial prejudice is still her favourite child.
Don King - I don't promote boxing, I promote people. Boxing is a catalyst to bring people together.
Don King - You go for the quality of the performance, not the longevity of it.
Don King - Martin Luther King took us to the mountain top: I want to take us to the bank.
Don King - There's nothing I love more in life than turning around a bigot.
Don King - You can be the greatest guy in the world but if you ain't got no heart, you ain't gonna survive.
Don King - I will fight for America until the day I drop.
Don King - I'm an ardent American Football fan.
Don King - You can't rule the world, but what you can do is win the world with love and understanding.
Don King - If a bullfrog had wings it wouldn't bump his behind every time he hopped.
Don Miguel Ruiz - Every human is an artist. The dream of your life is to make beautiful art.
Don Miguel Ruiz - I am here and I'm alive. That's enough.
Don Miguel Ruiz - Love is unknown. To open the heart in trust is unknown. They say love hurts. It doesn't have to.
Don Miguel Ruiz - Respect is one of the greatest expressions of love.
Don Miguel Ruiz - When we respect everybody around us, we are in peace with everybody around us.
Don Miguel Ruiz - Every human is an artist. And this is the main art that we have: the creation of our story.
Don Miguel Ruiz - Be Skeptical, but learn to listen.
Don Miguel Ruiz - Be impeccable with your word.
Don Miguel Ruiz - Always do your best.
Don Miguel Ruiz - I don't know what I am. And it's not important.
Don Rickles - You can't study comedy; it's within you. It's a personality. My humor is an attitude.
Don Rickles - Struggling is hard because you never know what's at the end of the tunnel.
Don Rickles - My life was in Montreal years ago. Best food in the world.
Don Rickles - Who picks your clothes - Stevie Wonder?
Don Rickles - The old days were the old days. And they were great days. But now is now.
Don Rickles - Some people say funny things, but I say things funny.
Don Rickles - I ride a recumbent bike for half an hour every day.
Don Rickles - You know what's funny to me? Attitude.
Don Rickles - Political correctness? In my humor, I never talk about politics. I was never much into all that.
Don Rickles - Las Vegas is the boiling pot of entertainment.
Don Shula - The superior man blames himself. The inferior man blames others.
Don Shula - Anybody that's a Dolphins fan feels they're headed in the right direction.
Don Shula - Success is not forever and failure isn't fatal.
Don Shula - I never felt I knew it all. I always felt there's something new to learn, something new to do.
Don Shula - I don't know any other way to lead but by example.
Don Shula - And this year is going to be the 25th anniversary of the 17-0 team, the only undefeated season.
Don Shula - Sure, luck means a lot in football. Not having a good quarterback is bad luck.
Don Shula - The one thing that I know is that you win with good people.
Don Shula - One thing I never want to be accused of is not working.
Don Shula - And I coached against Mike when he was an assistant with the Bears and they won that football game.
Donald Hall - Everything important always begins from something trivial.
Donald Hall - Many times I have written something, and after it was published, I understood what I was saying.
Donald Hall - However alert we are, antiquity remains an unknown, unanticipated galaxy.
Donald Hall - Contentment is work so engrossing that you do not know that you are working.
Donald Hall - Friends die, friends become demented, friends quarrel, friends drift with old age into silence.
Donald Hall - I really feel better about aging at the age of 86 than I did at 70.
Donald Hall - I'd heard of writers who say they hate to write. Not me. I love to do it.
Donald Hall - For better or worse, poetry is my life.
Donald Hall - Sound had always been my portal to poetry, but in the beginning, sound was imagined through the eye.
Donald Hall - When I was a child, I loved old people. My New Hampshire grandfather was my model human being.
Donald Judd - Most art is fragile and some should be placed and never moved away.
Donald Judd - After all, the work isn't the point; the piece is.
Donald Judd - Pollock looks unusual and radical even now.
Donald Judd - Well, in any art there are a lot of technical things that you can get to like.
Donald Judd - Well, its very exasperating when you can't get it right.
Donald Judd - I haven't sufficient interest in objects or anything I can see around me to do what Oldenburg does.
Donald Judd - And that Newman wasn't, and yet to me Pollock is just as radical and unlike Expressionism as Newman.
Donald Judd - I think most of the best new work is intended to have much more impact at once.
Donald Judd - There's probably more in the American tradition than people give the place credit for.
Donald Judd - They certainly aren't connected with the old geometric art. My work isn't geometric in that sense.
Donald Rumsfeld - Don't blame the boss. He has enough problems.
Donald Rumsfeld - If you are not criticized, you may not be doing much.
Donald Rumsfeld - Don't necessarily avoid sharp edges. Occasionally they are necessary to leadership.
Donald Rumsfeld - It is easier to get into something than to get out of it.
Donald Rumsfeld - Death has a tendency to encourage a depressing view of war.
Donald Rumsfeld - Don't speak ill of your predecessors or successors. You didn't walk in their shoes.
Donald Rumsfeld - The way to do well is to do well.
Donald Rumsfeld - Think ahead. Don't let day-to-day operations drive out planning.
Donald Rumsfeld - Be precise. A lack of precision is dangerous when the margin of error is small.
Donald Rumsfeld - Treat each federal dollar as if it was hard earned; it was - by a taxpayer.
Donatella Versace - Fashion is about dreaming and making other people dream.
Donatella Versace - I've learned how to appreciate what I have. And it's a lot. I'm very lucky.
Donatella Versace - Fashion is a weapon that you can use when you need it.
Donatella Versace - It's no good being too easily swayed by people's opinions. You have to believe in yourself.
Donatella Versace - I like perfume and flowers.
Donatella Versace - My style is not that big. I wear heels, tight pants, and I wear diamonds.
Donatella Versace - Fashion is all about happiness. It's fun. It's important. But it's not medicine.
Donatella Versace - Die and born again, die and born again. It's the story of my life.
Donatella Versace - I think glamour all the time. I wake up in the morning and I'm already thinking glamour.
Donatella Versace - A business woman needs a successful mix of design and practicality.
Donna Brazile - I was motivated to be different in part because I was different.
Donna Brazile - If you want your checkbook to follow your heart, make a donation to those doing work you support.
Donna Brazile - Every member of my family was displaced by Katrina.
Donna Brazile - It takes but one person, one moment, one conviction, to start a ripple of change.
Donna Brazile - My mama told me it's not what they call you - it's what you answer to.
Donna Brazile - Civic education and civic responsibility should be taught in elementary school.
Donna Brazile - Failure. It doesn't exist. 'Failure' is just what happens when we lose perspective.
Donna Brazile - I am ashamed of some of Democrats in my own party.
Donna Brazile - No voters will be left behind.
Donna Brazile - A campaign is about defining who you are - your vision and your opponent's vision.
Donna Karan - Age and size are only numbers. It's the attitude you bring to clothes that make the difference.
Donna Karan - Delete the negative; accentuate the positive!
Donna Karan - Evening is a time of real experimentation. You never want to look the same way.
Donna Karan - Design is a constant challenge to balance comfort with luxe, the practical with the desirable.
Donna Karan - Everything I do is a matter of heart, body and soul.
Donna Karan - Basically, I was a hippie and still am a flower child.
Donna Karan - I'd rather promote New York than anything else in this world because New York to me means the world.
Donna Karan - Everything in life... has to have balance.
Donna Karan - I think I was a nomad in another life.
Donna Karan - My mother was a working woman, and I was alone a lot. So I wanted to be a stay-at-home mom.
Donnie Yen - Martial art is a form of expression, an expression from your inner self to your hands and legs.
Donnie Yen - Better to be called something positive and inspirational than something negative.
Donnie Yen - When you watch my films, you're feeling my heart.
Donnie Yen - For me, shooting, editing, and scoring rely on rhythm.
Donnie Yen - I've always been in a rebel.
Donnie Yen - As an action director, I always try to bring something fresh and new.
Donnie Yen - I just like to choose projects that will allow me as an artist to make my art.
Donnie Yen - I certainly hope 'Dragon' can leave some legacy behind.
Donnie Yen - I got nominated for my second film as best young director in the Aikido Film Festival in Japan.
Donnie Yen - I'm a very emotional guy.
Doris Lessing - Things are not quite so simple always as black and white.
Doris Lessing - A writer falls in love with an idea and gets carried away.
Doris Lessing - I've worked hard all my life. You have to if you want to get things done.
Doris Lessing - In university they don't tell you that the greater part of the law is learning to tolerate fools.
Doris Lessing - I'm sure that everybody feels a kind of permanent anguish about what's going on in the world.
Doris Lessing - I do have a sense, and I've never not had it, of how easily things can vanish.
Doris Lessing - Trust no friend without faults, and love a woman, but no angel.
Doris Lessing - Small things amuse small minds.
Doris Lessing - What is a hero without love for mankind.
Doris Lessing - Man, who is he? Too bad, to be the work of God: Too good for the work of chance!
Dorothea Dix - What greater bliss than to look back on days spent in usefulness, in doing good to those around us.
Dorothea Dix - I must study alone, as I am condemned to do every thing alone, I believe, in this life.
Dorothea Dix - My happiest hours are spent in school, surrounded by those I hope to benefit.
Dorothea Dix - I worship talents almost. I sinfully dare mourn that I possess them not.
Dorothea Dix - My wish is to be known only thru my work.
Dorothea Dix - Pleasures take to themselves wings and fly away; true knowledge remains forever.
Dorothea Dix - Men need knowledge in order to overpower their passions and master their prejudices.
Dorothea Dix - No blessing, no good, can follow in the path trodden by slavery.
Dorothea Dix - They say, 'Nothing can be done here!' I reply, 'I know no such word in the vocabulary I adopt!'
Dorothea Dix - Those who do wrong very often think others are censuring them, when they are not even thought of.
Dorothy Day - We have all known the long loneliness, and we have found that the answer is community.
Dorothy Day - Food for the body is not enough. There must be food for the soul.
Dorothy Day - They cannot see that we must lay one brick at a time, take one step at a time.
Dorothy Day - I firmly believe that our salvation depends on the poor.
Dorothy Day - Love casts out fear, but we have to get over the fear in order to get close enough to love them.
Dorothy Day - We cannot build up the idea of the apostolate of the laity without the foundation of the liturgy.
Dorothy Day - The legal battle against segregation is won, but the community battle goes on.
Dorothy Day - Don't call me a saint. I don't want to be dismissed so easily.
Dorothy Day - Women think with their whole bodies and they see things as a whole more than men do.
Dorothy Day - Words are as strong and powerful as bombs, as napalm.
Dorothy Hamill - I never really liked my short hair; it never occurred to me that people would want it.
Dorothy Hamill - I think Princess Diana probably had the most famous haircut, or Farrah Fawcett or Jennifer Aniston.
Dorothy Hamill - My legs are ice skaters' legs. No tan in sight.
Dorothy Hamill - At times, I feel overwhelmed and my depression leads me into darkness.
Dorothy Hamill - Money is evil.
Dorothy Hamill - My parents didn't have a lot of money, but we never knew that. They really did the best they could.
Dorothy Hamill - My coach was a great politician, so he did most of the work. He was good.
Dorothy Hamill - If I hadn't been born a woman, I would have certainly been gay.
Dorothy Hamill - I've made a commitment to concentrate on my career as an entertainer.
Dorothy Hamill - I don't think television really captures the speed and the power of skating.
Dorothy L. Sayers - I love you - I am at rest with you - I have come home.
Dorothy L. Sayers - I always have a quotation for everything - it saves original thinking.
Dorothy L. Sayers - A human being must have occupation, of he or she is not to become a nuisance to the world.
Dorothy L. Sayers - The only sin passion can commit is to be joyless.
Dorothy L. Sayers - The great advantage about telling the truth is that nobody ever believes it.
Dorothy L. Sayers - Trouble shared is trouble halved.
Dorothy L. Sayers - Very dangerous things, theories.
Dorothy L. Sayers - A continual atmosphere of hectic passion is very trying if you haven't got any of your own.
Dorothy L. Sayers - If it were not for the war, this war would suit me down to the ground.
Dorothy L. Sayers - Those who make some other person their job... are dangerous.
Doug Ducey - Ice cream brings people together.
Doug Ducey - I took an oath of office to protect Arizona from all enemies, foreign and domestic.
Doug Ducey - I strongly believe that more money needs to be spent in the classroom.
Doug Ducey - Every dollar spent on education should go toward helping our teachers teach and our students learn.
Doug Ducey - Our teachers are valuable, and our public policy should reflect that.
Doug Ducey - I ran for public office to do something good.
Doug Ducey - I want to see us add more dollars to the classroom.
Doug Ducey - A great economy requires great public schools.
Doug Ducey - I'm committed as governor to valuing and nurturing our relationships with our friends to the south.
Doug Ducey - As our economy advances, our government and our laws need to modernize, too.
Doug Larson - A true friend is one who overlooks your failures and tolerates your success!
Doug Larson - Nostalgia is a file that removes the rough edges from the good old days.
Doug Larson - A weed is a plant that has mastered every survival skill except for learning how to grow in rows.
Doug Larson - Life expectancy would grow by leaps and bounds if green vegetables smelled as good as bacon.
Doug Larson - A lot of people mistake a short memory for a clear conscience.
Doug Larson - Establishing goals is all right if you don't let them deprive you of interesting detours.
Doug Larson - The trouble with learning from experience is that you never graduate.
Doug Larson - Real elation is when you feel you could touch a star without standing on tiptoe.
Doug Larson - Spring is when you feel like whistling even with a shoe full of slush.
Doug Larson - Instead of giving a politician the keys to the city, it might be better to change the locks.
Douglas Coupland - The time you feel lonely is the time you most need to be by yourself.
Douglas Coupland - Forget sex or politics or religion, loneliness is the subject that clears out a room.
Douglas Coupland - Workshops and seminars are basically financial speed dating for clueless people.
Douglas Coupland - You wait for fate to bring about the changes in life which you should be bringing about by yourself.
Douglas Coupland - The person who needs the other person the least in a relationship is the stronger member.
Douglas Coupland - Good-looking people with strong, fluoridated teeth get things handed to them on platters.
Douglas Coupland - Eagles are seagulls with a good hairdo.
Douglas Coupland - Adventure without risk is Disneyland.
Douglas Coupland - We decided that the French could never write user-friendly software because they're so rude.
Douglas Coupland - If cats were double the size they are now, they'd probably be illegal.
Dove Cameron - I can't make eye contact when people sing 'Happy Birthday' to me.
Dove Cameron - I firmly believe there are no bad people.
Dove Cameron - When I'm acting, I just come up with people I've known, and I stick with it.
Dove Cameron - As an actor, you are either emulating someone else, or some version of yourself.
Dove Cameron - I have always felt like I was just sort of waiting to catch up to the rest of myself.
Dove Cameron - Truthfully, I'm incredibly shy, and I'm very awkward around boys.
Dove Cameron - I'm very competitive and academic.
Dove Cameron - Sure, they can take your binder, but they can't take whatever special thing you have inside you.
Dove Cameron - I'm a really big fan of all things macabre in general; Halloween happens to be my favorite holiday.
Dove Cameron - I love the snow! I actually cannot stand the beach.
Dr. Dre - My mother got pregnant with me at the age of fifteen. This was '64, and unheard of at that time.
Dr. Dre - I'd rather deal with Tipper than Bush. He's trying to kill everybody in jail.
Dr. Dre - Black women are the strongest most hardworking people on earth.
Dr. Dre - I got Ice Cube his start. I also launched Eazy-E.
Dr. Dre - I just want to get my music out and make sure that it's heard in the right way.
Dr. Dre - Mission accomplished, we didn't have any problems as far as violence goes.
Dr. Dre - I'm never gonna stop music, it's like air to me.
Dr. Dre - I am never going to give music up.
Dr. Dre - I'm gonna try and change the course of hip hop again.
Dr. Dre - The only two things that scare me are God and the IRS.
Drew Barrymore - Life is very interesting... in the end, some of your greatest pains, become your greatest strengths.
Drew Barrymore - I want people to love me, but it's not going to hurt me if they don't.
Drew Barrymore - I don't want to be stinky poo poo girl, I want to be happy flower child.
Drew Barrymore - I'm such a profound believer that timing is everything; I would tattoo that on my arm.
Drew Barrymore - I think that being happy makes the biggest impact on your physical appearance.
Drew Barrymore - My life choices are not supposed to be the gateway to somebody else's. That's my journey.
Drew Barrymore - I'm a Cali girl through and through.
Drew Barrymore - There's something liberating about not pretending. Dare to embarrass yourself. Risk.
Drew Barrymore - I want people to be blown away when I do what they don't expect.
Drew Barrymore - If you're going to go through hell... I suggest you come back learning something.
Drew Carey - There's no way I can justify my salary level, but I'm learning to live with it.
Drew Carey - I'm a big believer in overcoming and achieving and doing things and not feeling sorry for yourself.
Drew Carey - I could still eat a cheeseburger if I wanted to. I just can't have them every day.
Drew Carey - I love the normalcy of Cleveland. There's regular people there.
Drew Carey - You know that look women get when they want sex? Me neither.
Drew Carey - When I play poker, I don't like losing the pot.
Drew Carey - I just try to get people to laugh - I'm not trying to change the world or anything.
Drew Carey - The Marines gave me a really strong sense of discipline and a work ethic that kicks in at my job.
Drew Carey - Oh, and once, when I was in the Marines, I got a perfect score on my physical fitness test.
Drew Carey - I was in the band when I was a kid, I played the trumpet.
Duane Michals - Trust that little voice in your head that says 'Wouldn't it be interesting if...'; And then do it.
Duane Michals - The question of truth is forever in the air, and people look for it with particular fervor in art.
Duane Michals - Art has to address eternal issues.
Duane Michals - All good children's books, I think, address metaphysical issues in some kind of way.
Duane Michals - Photography deals exquisitely with appearances, but nothing is what it appears to be.
Duane Michals - All good work has magic in it, and addresses the mind in a subtle way.
Duane Michals - I believe in the imagination. What I cannot see is infinitely more important than what I can see.
Duane Michals - To fulfil a fantasy is the quickest way to destroy it.
Duane Michals - In the West, people tend to look at life as spectators, but in the East, people are the thing.
Duane Michals - My work is about my life as an event, and I find myself to be very temporal, transient.
Dustin Hoffman - The two basic items necessary to sustain life are sunshine and coconut milk.
Dustin Hoffman - Blame is for God and small children.
Dustin Hoffman - I did a movie called Marathon Man and it was one of my best memories.
Dustin Hoffman - Life stinks, but that doesn't mean you don't enjoy it.
Dustin Hoffman - If there is no direct threat why are we invading?
Dustin Hoffman - In my room as a kid... I'd play a fighter and get knocked to the floor and come back to win.
Dustin Hoffman - Myth is supposed to bring us together, but fantasy alienates us.
Dustin Hoffman - A good review from the critics is just another stay of execution.
Dustin Hoffman - I decided to become an actor because I was failing in school and I needed the credits.
Dustin Hoffman - I did some writing and bought a book, and have been working on that as a film to act and direct in.
Dwayne Johnson - If I love you, I show you I love you every day. Little things, big things.
Dwayne Johnson - Not only do I think being nice and kind is easy but being kind, in my opinion, is important.
Dwayne Johnson - Wrestling was like stand-up comedy for me.
Dwayne Johnson - I want someone who can trust that my big hands are going to take care of them.
Dwayne Johnson - Oh, I can keep many secrets, so I would be a phenomenal secret agent. I love secrets.
Dwayne Johnson - Nutrition is so important. It can't be stressed enough.
Dwayne Johnson - My goal was never to be the loudest or the craziest. It was to be the most entertaining.
Dwayne Johnson - I like to use the hard times in the past to motivate me today.
Dwayne Johnson - When he speaks to you he speaks with an earnest vibe and an earnest energy.
Dwayne Johnson - The one thing I couldn't identify with was the blue cowboy outfit he put on.
Dwight L. Moody - I have had more trouble with myself than with any other man.
Dwight L. Moody - Faith makes all things possible... love makes all things easy.
Dwight L. Moody - If I take care of my character, my reputation will take care of me.
Dwight L. Moody - Church attendance is as vital to a disciple as a transfusion of rich, healthy blood to a sick man.
Dwight L. Moody - Never think that Jesus commanded a trifle, nor dare to trifle with anything He has commanded.
Dwight L. Moody - The Bible will keep you from sin, or sin will keep you from the Bible.
Dwight L. Moody - We can stand affliction better than we can prosperity, for in prosperity we forget God.
Dwight L. Moody - Where one man reads the Bible, a hundred read you and me.
Dwight L. Moody - Character is what a man is in the dark.
Dwight L. Moody - Give me a man who says this one thing I do, and not those fifty things I dabble in.
Dwight Yoakam - Musicians exist independent of any of the marketing terms or the categorization.
Dwight Yoakam - I live out of cans a lot. But I try to indulge only in healthy canned food.
Dwight Yoakam - It's meant to reaffirm the validity of that music - clean, minimalist, honest, classic music.
Dwight Yoakam - I embrace country music because of love, a love of what I came from.
Dwight Yoakam - We share something in common with the fabric of the whole universe that connects us.
Dwight Yoakam - I've always been just kind of consumed by my own thoughts.
Dwight Yoakam - I like order. It allows me to have chaos in my head.
Dwight Yoakam - Control success before it controls you.
Dwight Yoakam - I tried to pay some small tribute to A Man and a Woman (1966) with the recurring musical theme.
Dwight Yoakam - I don't regret any of the musical decisions I have made.
Dwyane Wade - No team works out teamwork.
Dwyane Wade - Over my career, I've had to adjust my game.
Dwyane Wade - I think the main thing for kids is to have them believe in themselves.
Dwyane Wade - The biggest thing is to let your voice be heard, let your story be heard.
Dwyane Wade - Fatherhood is the best thing that could happen to me, and I'm just glad I can share my voice.
Dwyane Wade - A turtleneck is about sophistication.
Dwyane Wade - I grew up in Chicago, and I understand what Michael Jordan symbolizes.
Dwyane Wade - I'm just showing my personality in my clothing.
Dwyane Wade - I don't think the world focuses on the positive things enough.
Dwyane Wade - Players are ready to play, We're not on strike. It's a lockout.
Dylan Lauren - Believe in yourself, listen to your gut, and do what you love.
Dylan Lauren - Summer is very precious.
Dylan Lauren - Candy is childhood, the best and bright moments you wish could have lasted forever.
Dylan Lauren - When I think of flavours, I think colour, so lemon should be yellow and orange is orange.
Dylan Lauren - There's no denying that candy is comfort food and it's affordable.
Dylan Lauren - I always liked the idea of leadership and being a captain.
Dylan Lauren - I believe dancing is the best stress reliever.
Dylan Lauren - My friends call me Clark Kent: I'm known to change in phone booths.
Dylan Lauren - Red candy is my favorite - I like red string licorice, Swedish Fish, and red gum balls.
Dylan Lauren - Everything I own has some significance to me.
Dylan Moran - Have I had therapy? I went to a yoga class once.
Dylan Moran - Paper acts as an eraser on the mind, as soon as you look at what you've written.
Dylan Moran - The trend now is to get away from stage bound sitcoms.
Dylan Moran - I have a very low level of recognition, which is fine by me.
Dylan Moran - You're not going to learn anything if you're not prepared to go flat, so I'm very happy to go flat.
Dylan Moran - One thing that's coming up a lot is: are you as grumpy as you appear from this Black Books thing.
Dylan Moran - I think a lot of the time you just parody yourself.
Dylan Moran - I'm actually about as famous as a fourth division footballer from the 70s.
Dylan Moran - I'm organised in some ways, but not in others.
Dylan Moran - I do not walk around imaging myself to be intimidating or smart.
Dylan Thomas - When one burns one's bridges, what a very nice fire it makes.
Dylan Thomas - Do not go gentle into that good night but rage, rage against the dying of the light.
Dylan Thomas - Somebody's boring me. I think it's me.
Dylan Thomas - He who seeks rest finds boredom. He who seeks work finds rest.
Dylan Thomas - Though lovers be lost love shall not.
Dylan Thomas - I've just had eighteen straight whiskies. I think that's the record.
Dylan Thomas - The land of my fathers. My fathers can have it.
Dylan Thomas - The function of posterity is to look after itself.
Dylan Thomas - Never be lucid, never state, if you would be regarded great.
Dylan Thomas - There is only one position for an artist anywhere; and that is upright.
Dabney Coleman - But I did make some money doing commercials. I did fourteen in one year.
Dabney Coleman - But it is a hard, it's a hard profession teaching acting.
Dabney Coleman - I did two or three plays every summer.
Dabney Coleman - I didn't have any extra money. But I can't say that I had a hard early career.
Dabney Coleman - I have worked with some great directors.
Dabney Coleman - I think that you get something for your acting from almost anything you do.
Dabney Coleman - I was very lucky in as much as I played a lot of tennis.
Dabney Coleman - It takes a lot of energy to teach.
Dabney Coleman - The career doesn't get any easier. A career stays tough.
Dabney Coleman - Well Sid Pollack was... He was I would say probably, probably the most influential on me.
Daisy Berkowitz - We were like psychedelic folk combined with Sonic Youth's noise.
Daisy Berkowitz - It's great, because different groups of kids can laugh at each other and still enjoy the show.
Daisy Berkowitz - I just saw metal as another tool for me to use.
Daisy Berkowitz - If you make it sound too much like a synth, it will just sound like a guitar part played on a synth.
Daisy Berkowitz - Trent likes to record guitars direct, whereas I've always preferred playing through an amplifier.
Daisy Berkowitz - But the exposure we got by doing the stint with Nine Inch Nails brought us a lot of attention.
Daisy Berkowitz - It was a good chance for us to play for people who would never have heard us otherwise.
Daisy Berkowitz - I'm happy with the way everyone presents themselves onstage.
Daisy Berkowitz - We're playing the same songs, the same way, that we have for years.
Daisy Berkowitz - Each member of the band has varied influences, and the same diversity is reflected in our fanbase.
Daisy Ridley - I love to come to L.A. to visit, and then I like to come to rainy old London because it's home.
Daisy Ridley - I liked 'Star Wars,' but I wasn't an uberfan like many people are.
Daisy Ridley - Goals are ever-changing. I didn't set out to be in a 'Star Wars' film but now I've been in one.
Daisy Ridley - I can knit quite well. I make really long scarves.
Daisy Ridley - I don't know if I can prepare for what's to come because I don't know what will.
Daisy Ridley - Your life goes on, and then your life goes on plus 'Star Wars.' It's just been an incredible time.
Daisy Ridley - I've never been one for crushing on famous people.
Daisy Ridley - Both my parents are creative. My dad did act when he was younger, but they're both very creative.
Daisy Ridley - My film knowledge is pretty shocking. I'm trying to correct that.
Daisy Ridley - Sadly, people think a guy and a girl can't be friends without something romantic going on.
Dale Murphy - When you come right down to it, I guess I really am pretty bland.
Dale Murphy - Maybe I am naive about certain things. But I'm glad. I know all I want to know.
Dale Murphy - If you live what you believe, you will always have the respect of others.
Dale Murphy - God isn't really interested in our batting averages.
Dale Murphy - Society is what we make of it, so we'd better try to make it the best we can.
Dale Murphy - Tommie Aaron taught me how to have a good attitude, to be easy going and not get uptight.
Dale Murphy - You don't usually get treated unfairly. You usually get what you deserve.
Dale Murphy - I don't want to give people the impression that I'm an almost perfect human being.
Dale Murphy - Whether I'm hitting .100 or .300, I have resolved to at least enjoy every game.
Dale Murphy - To work with children anywhere is just plain fun.
Damian Loeb - I always thought being an artist was a lazy job. I was wrong.
Damian Loeb - I read that prior to the advent of color TV, most people dreamed in black and white.
Damian Loeb - The vocabulary I use has to reflect the people I'm trying to communicate with.
Damian Loeb - Artists talk in 'art speak.'
Damian Loeb - I had no interest in high school besides art.
Damian Loeb - I take a lot of pictures.
Damian Loeb - Ironically, my paintings don't photograph well.
Damian Loeb - You just can't control your art in the future.
Damian Loeb - I don't think I talk to anybody the same way I talk to Moby.
Damian Loeb - I can't work without music.
Dan Buettner - Have fun, be active. Ride a bike instead of driving, for example.
Dan Buettner - Select your friendships carefully. Gather people around you who will reinforce your lifestyle.
Dan Buettner - A long healthy life is no accident. It begins with good genes, but it also depends on good habits.
Dan Buettner - Walking is the only way proven to stave off cognitive decline - it works.
Dan Buettner - Having a purpose and knowing exactly what your values are will add additional years to your life.
Dan Buettner - You have to know why you get up every morning.
Dan Buettner - Black beans and soy beans are the cornerstones of longevity diets around the world.
Dan Buettner - Serve yourself, put the food away, then eat.
Dan Buettner - Deepen your existing spiritual commitment.
Dan Buettner - One of the big things I've learned is that there's an advantage to regular low-intensity activity.
Dan Fogelberg - I never going to satisfy everybody, so I decided to satisfy myself.
Dan Fogelberg - I love to rock 'n roll. But my finest suit, of all the things I do, is as a songwriter.
Dan Fogelberg - I love to laugh, it's my main thing. I love to abuse the English language.
Dan Fogelberg - I love the subtlety and tonal range of the acoustic guitar.
Dan Fogelberg - I choose to express myself.
Dan Fogelberg - Strats are my favorite electric guitars, and I've got quite a collection.
Dan Fogelberg - Now is the only thing that exists.
Dan Fogelberg - My upbringing made me think that real legitimate music is written, not heard.
Dan Fogelberg - MTV didn't call. I guess I wasn't hip and groovy enough.
Dan Fogelberg - It was so much fun playing simple American bluegrass. I got to meet Doc Watson.
Dan O'Brien - If you never give up, you'll be successful.
Dan O'Brien - Take pride in exactly what it is you do and remember it's okay to fail as long as you don't give up.
Dan O'Brien - The decathlon includes ten separate events and they all matter. You can't work on just one of them.
Dan O'Brien - Try everything, because you're never sure what you're going to be great at.
Dan O'Brien - I've always had to have some kind of failure before I was successful.
Dan O'Brien - As a young child, I was never a crier. I never cried to get my way, or even when I was in pain.
Dan O'Brien - When I was little, I wasn't allowed to put sugar on my breakfast cereal because it made me so hyper.
Dan O'Brien - As a young athlete, it was first about having fun; then it was about winning.
Dan O'Brien - I call myself a chameleon.
Dan O'Brien - To me, the decathlon is its own little society and I am part of that culture.
Dana Brunetti - What I find most exciting about online video is that it's the future.
Dana Brunetti - I have learned not to feed the trolls. I just don't respond.
Dana Brunetti - Appointment viewing is dead, and I think it is going away.
Dana Brunetti - I would have to be able to come and go as I please. I could not sit in some office.
Dana Brunetti - You can learn a lot from somebody's video bio: if you're not going to gel with the actor or a crew.
Dana Brunetti - The issue of doing an adaptation of a book is the theater of the mind, and so you always face that.
Dana Brunetti - The production value of YouTube videos is not there.
Dana Brunetti - The power lies with content creators now, but if you can't reach people, there's no point.
Dana Brunetti - I hardly ever go to the movies.
Dana Brunetti - We all thought we'd have flying cars by now, but we don't.
Daniel Berrigan - It's not going to be easy to change things.
Daniel Berrigan - You just have to do what you know is right.
Daniel Berrigan - I never met a Jesuit before I applied for the order.
Daniel Berrigan - A revolution is interesting insofar as it avoids like the plague the plague it promised to heal.
Daniel Berrigan - I don't have to prove my life. I just have to live.
Daniel Berrigan - I'd like to die with my boots on.
Daniel Berrigan - One is called to live nonviolently, even if the change one works for seems impossible.
Daniel Berrigan - You have to struggle to stay alive and be of use as long as you can.
Daniel Berrigan - I was publishing when I was 20, 21. And it really never stopped.
Daniel Berrigan - Most Americans would agree that Plowshares is a Theatre of the Absurd.
Daniel D. Palmer - Little deeds are like little seeds, they grow to flowers or to weeds.
Daniel D. Palmer - Grief causes suffering and disease.
Daniel D. Palmer - The mill cannot grind with the water that is past.
Daniel D. Palmer - The mind must be cured as well as the body, as the mind so is the body.
Daniel D. Palmer - He who obeys God's laws finds him a father. He who disobeys them, finds him a judge.
Daniel D. Palmer - Man is a physical and spiritual epitome of the Universe.
Daniel D. Palmer - Study first, play afterwards.
Daniel D. Palmer - The best physicians are Dr. Diet, Dr. Quiet, and Dr. Merryman.
Daniel D. Palmer - The spiritual always did exist, always will. It is eternal, it is changeless.
Daniel D. Palmer - The spiritual is the cause of action. Action is life.
Daniel Johns - There are no big groupie fans or anything.
Daniel Johns - So I went and visited a doctor and he diagnosed me with reactive arthritis.
Daniel Johns - I'm lucky the arthritis happened at the time that it did because of the record.
Daniel Johns - I never really paid attention to sales until the second record.
Daniel Johns - Though, since the first record, I've dramatically changed my expectations for our records.
Daniel Johns - I had to try and find a way to express happiness without sounding corny.
Daniel Johns - With our first two records we backed ourselves into a hole musically.
Daniel Johns - We were perceived as a post-grunge band.
Daniel Johns - The touring for this album was definitely going to be the most intense touring we've done.
Daniel Johns - We were really motivated to do something with this record overseas, even though I hate touring.
Daniel Libeskind - Cities are the greatest creations of humanity.
Daniel Libeskind - To provide meaningful architecture is not to parody history but to articulate it.
Daniel Libeskind - When you're a kid with artistic yearnings brought up in the Bronx, you don't get fed up too easily.
Daniel Libeskind - I don't get to sleep when I'm in New York. Really. I'm living on adrenaline.
Daniel Libeskind - And of course I like Berlin a lot. It's such an interesting city.
Daniel Libeskind - We will work with everybody for the good of New York.
Daniel Libeskind - We all came to see that site. We all walked around it. It is already sacred.
Daniel Libeskind - The Spiral Gallery may happen, too. It is not dependent on government funding.
Daniel Libeskind - It's a project that touched me as an immigrant and as a New Yorker.
Daniel Libeskind - It's a fantastic responsibility and a wonderful moment.
Danielle de Niese - I've always considered myself to be a travelling soul. I've never felt out of place anywhere.
Danielle de Niese - Outreach appearances in the schools are usually part of my contracts, and I love doing them.
Danielle de Niese - Mozart is my first strength.
Danielle de Niese - I'm a huge dog person; I love to hug and kiss them.
Danielle de Niese - I have to take care of myself. It's about self-preservation.
Danielle de Niese - I've always been a bit dressed up, even on casual days. I suppose that's the performer in me.
Danielle de Niese - Music can be a source of escapism.
Danielle de Niese - To be a famously successful opera singer. I wanted that since I was eight.
Danielle de Niese - My parents kept me very grounded.
Danielle de Niese - I believed in Santa Claus until I was 12!
Danielle Panabaker - I think it's important to be kind to the world before it disappears if we don't take care of it.
Danielle Panabaker - I would love a little bit of a change.
Danielle Panabaker - I love David Hasselhoff!
Danielle Panabaker - I am a big scaredy-cat; horror films terrify me.
Danielle Panabaker - I feel like I'm always on the go, I'm always on the run.
Danielle Panabaker - I'd love to be able to multiply because then I could be in lots of different places at once.
Danielle Panabaker - I really did graduate at 14, and I go to college in the Los Angeles area near where I live.
Danielle Panabaker - I've done a handful of great roles.
Danielle Panabaker - I look younger; I feel younger. I'm in no rush to grow up or seem older to people.
Danielle Panabaker - I could be playing high school until I'm, like, 30 or something, at the rate I'm growing.
Danny Aiello - I'm a traditionalist. I have certain values I live by.
Danny Aiello - Death can't be so bad if mom went through it. It makes it easier for the child to follow.
Danny Aiello - If I stunk for some reason, you can always blame it on the character.
Danny Aiello - The choreographer for the Milton Berle show wanted me to audition. I walked away from that.
Danny Aiello - You don't have to be worried about labeling me.
Danny Aiello - My father was a good man, but he was a con man. He was a wanderer, nomadic.
Danny Aiello - I need distractions. Good distractions, not bad ones. A good distraction for me is a great play.
Danny Aiello - I fell in love with the most beautiful girl in the Bronx.
Danny Aiello - I have sons, and they have never said the word hell in front of me or my wife. That's the truth.
Danny Aiello - My mother was the total influence. My father was what we call a nomadic person; he was a wanderer.
Danny Masterson - If I could make millions of dollars being a softball player, I would quit acting in a second.
Danny Masterson - My job is summer camp. I come and talk and try to make a TV show funny.
Danny Masterson - Spin-offs were never really my thing.
Danny Masterson - I am really into '70s music, like The Rolling Stones, The Doors and what not.
Danny Masterson - I have done about 15 movies so far and am on my 5th season on That '70s Show.
Danny Masterson - I am a hip-hop fanatic, and rock fanatic.
Danny Masterson - I then moved to LA when I was 16... but before that I had done a play on Broadway.
Danny Masterson - If I'm working, I'm not D.J.'ing. And if I'm not working, I'm D.J.'ing all the time.
Danny Masterson - Plenty of people are raised Catholic and then aren't Catholic anymore, like any religion.
Danny Masterson - I generally will answer any question about anything.
Dante Hall - I would want my legacy to be that I was a great son, father and friend.
Dante Hall - Treat everyone the way you would want to be treated... this can be applied to any situation.
Dante Hall - Part of my success was having a place to play as a kid.
Dante Hall - My favorite NBA team are the houston rockets and favorite college team are the duke blue devils.
Dante Hall - Sports are not for everyone.
Dante Hall - Anything that is unexpected is the X-factor.
Dante Hall - There is no formula to making it to the NFL other than good fortune and and playing well in college.
Dante Hall - I love all sports.
Dante Hall - I love to play pool.
Dante Hall - Every time I fumble or drop a ball I am embarrassed.
Daphne Zuniga - I cannot tell you how happy and in love I am with everything.
Daphne Zuniga - Endangered forests are being slaughtered for toilet paper.
Daphne Zuniga - You feel touched and honored and alive when you give to someone.
Daphne Zuniga - You don't have to save the world, but you can be in the world-that's where the beauty comes from.
Daphne Zuniga - I stopped dating for six months a year ago. Dating requires a lot of energy and focus.
Daphne Zuniga - I love men in bed when they are sleeping. But then they have to go and wake up.
Daphne Zuniga - I usually get recognized for Spaceballs.
Daphne Zuniga - To play a bag woman is brave for any woman.
Daphne Zuniga - I've been on shows that go for shock value.
Daphne Zuniga - The planet does nothing but support us, and we are constantly committing crimes against nature.
Dar Williams - I'm becoming a professional nomad and enjoying that whole part of my life.
Dar Williams - How I long to fall just a little bit, to dance out of the lines and stray from the light.
Dar Williams - If you're looking for can-do, earthy-crunchy attitude then you've got to go to Wisconsin.
Dar Williams - Writing 'February' made me realize that breaking form is a way of letting the song be human.
Dar Williams - Sometimes life gives us lessons sent in ridiculous packaging.
Dar Williams - Therapy was the biggest romance of my life.
Dar Williams - But if you're looking to be spooked by really tall trees then you've got to go to Washington State.
Dar Williams - And where does magic come from? I think that magic's in the learning.
Dar Williams - But social justice and the environment are very tied together in my head.
Dar Williams - You always have to wrestle with chaos.
Darius Rucker - There's two times of year for me: Football season, and waiting for football season.
Darius Rucker - We went to church every Sunday. When I was a kid, the only time I sang was around my family.
Darius Rucker - When I was in high school, I read all of Neil Simon's plays.
Darius Rucker - I work hard to let my wife know how much I love her. I try to do that every day.
Darius Rucker - I don't think I get the respect as a singer. With this record, I wanted to bring respect to my band.
Darius Rucker - I just wanted to go out and make a record that I've always wanted to make since I was a kid.
Darius Rucker - Ray Charles has always been a big part of my life.
Darius Rucker - I expect to make a career out of country music.
Darius Rucker - It's hard to be married to me, and it was a lot harder when I was younger!
Darius Rucker - I've known Tiger since he was 18. Tiger is a great guy. I am so happy for him right now.
Daron Malakian - I am depressed sometimes, but it's not what keeps me at home or focused on work.
Daron Malakian - In the Middle East in the summertime, to keep cool, a lot of people sleep on the rooftops.
Daron Malakian - If I was money-motivated, I wouldn't have joined a rock band with three other Armenian guys.
Daron Malakian - I always want to grow and top myself.
Daron Malakian - I was always searching for something bigger, faster and better, and Slayer came up with that.
Daron Malakian - I'll always be a member of System of a Down. That will never change.
Daron Malakian - You know, even U2 took a little time off, and then they came back with a new sound.
Daron Malakian - Every song I've written is luck, I think; it's luck - 'How did that just happen?'
Daron Malakian - I don't ever put down bands.
Daron Malakian - Music is an emotion, and I put it out there.
Darrell Issa - Peace in Palestine is inevitable. The question is how do we make it happen today.
Darrell Issa - I've said my patience is not infinite.
Darrell Issa - My brother went on to have a long and sordid career.
Darrell Issa - Every one of our congressional offices, every day, is under attack.
Darrell Issa - Cleveland's a great place when you're a kid. You hardly ever get sunburned, without the sun shining.
Darrell Issa - Everyone has a past.
Darrell Issa - I don't recall having a gun. I really don't. I don't think I ever pulled a gun on anyone in my life.
Darrell Issa - I have an I.Q. of 100 plus a little bit. I have to work real hard to get things when I read.
Darrell Issa - My father and all my uncles on both sides served in the military in World War II and Korea.
Darrell Issa - You can call me a pain. I'll accept that as a compliment.
Daryl Hannah - My ideal is to wake up in the morning and run around the meadow naked.
Daryl Hannah - I love the idea that biodiesel has the potential to support farmers, especially the family farms.
Daryl Hannah - That's a big goal of mine, to try and grow as much of my own food as possible.
Daryl Hannah - I've never been good in the financial and business arenas. I handle the creative side of things.
Daryl Hannah - No one really wants to send their kids off to die for oil.
Daryl Hannah - I'm one of those people who figures that it will eventually sort itself out.
Daryl Hannah - Filmmaking is such a collaborative medium.
Daryl Hannah - Being a humanitarian, supporting animal rights activists, human rights activists, it's all the same.
Daryl Hannah - That will only happen if I have a bout of amnesia or if I feel like mooning someone in the audience.
Daryl Hannah - I'd like to be a giant enabler.
Dashiell Hammett - I don't know much about him; never heard him say more than nope or yup.
Dashiell Hammett - I like women. I really like women.
Dashiell Hammett - With what dope I got I think it fills me in pretty well.
Dashiell Hammett - I deserve all the love you can spare me. And I want a lot more than I deserve.
Dashiell Hammett - She seems to be having a pretty good time despite her worrying. That's Lily.
Dashiell Hammett - You got to look on the bright side, even if there ain't one.
Dashiell Hammett - Strictly speaking, there are no real substitutes for sexual satisfaction.
Dashiell Hammett - Feed the lettuce to the bunny and eat the bunny.
Dashiell Hammett - The roof might fall in; anything could happen.
Dashiell Hammett - Looks like she's been slapping the kid again.
Dave Foley - NBC is working with a team of astrophysicists to create a new day of the week.
Dave Foley - Stand-up comedy and poverty. Those were my two main endeavors.
Dave Foley - There's something about strip malls that just reeks of my childhood.
Dave Foley - Canadians still spend so much time discussing what it means to be Canadian.
Dave Foley - The important thing to remember is that bugs don't actually talk.
Dave Foley - 'High Stakes' was a very bad movie that I was cast in as a lead.
Dave Foley - David Steinberg was the reason the Smothers Brothers got cancelled.
Dave Foley - I grew up in the suburbs of Toronto, where everything was in a strip mall.
Dave Foley - I mean, 'Kids In The Hall' is the reason I have any career at all.
Dave Foley - I still do miss the freedom to play any kind of character I wanted to play.
David Antin - Stories are different every time you tell them - they allow so many possible narratives.
David Antin - My way of thinking is very particular and concrete. It doesn't follow a continuous path.
David Antin - I am quite unsatisfied by the distinctions between the oral and literate.
David Antin - There are editing procedures for talks just as there are editing procedures in jazz improvisation.
David Antin - It's hard being a hostage in somebody else's mouth - or a character in somebody else's novel.
David Antin - I'm standing up thinking. Anybody who wants to listen is welcome. If not, I'm happy to see them go.
David Antin - I'm not sure what theory is, unless it's the pursuit of fundamental questions.
David Antin - I tended to emphasize the secular, the casual, the colloquial, the vernacular against the sacred.
David Antin - I learned enough Hebrew to stagger through a meaningless ceremony that I scarcely remember.
David Antin - I can manage a prose format as long as I keep closer to Laurence Sterne than to Henry James.
David Bergen - Failure is essential. Trial and error is necessary.
David Bergen - That's the novelist's job: to peel back the layers and look underneath.
David Bergen - I always have a book that I use that somehow inspires my novels.
David Bergen - As a writer, I'm always aware of the fact that there are so many books out there.
David Bergen - You are only as good as your last book, and so there has to be a book.
David Bergen - Every year, the Giller jury is different. You write the best book you can and throw it out there.
David Bergen - I like characters who are contradictory.
David Bergen - A mentor, a 'teacher,' is like an editor. I absolutely value my editor, who is my teacher.
David Bergen - Books in general are great, but I'm a fiction lover, and I will continue to do it.
David Bergen - The IMPAC is a terribly important award.
David Carradine - If you cannot be a poet, be the poem.
David Carradine - You know, I've never actually really believed that death is inevitable. I just think it's a rumor.
David Carradine - Most actors spend a lot of time training themselves to be an actor. And I kind of didn't do that.
David Carradine - I was involved in a web cartoon of Kung Fu with WB a few years back.
David Carradine - 'Born to play? Hmmm. Probably Romeo... or Hamlet, I guess. Also, I'd be a great Alexander the Great.
David Carradine - I studied music formally. I was probably less formal about my study of acting than anything.
David Carradine - Kung fu: You've got to spend your whole life at it before you're kung fu.
David Carradine - I'm analytical as an actor, and one of the things Quentin did was free me from that.
David Carradine - I'm like a renegade and that rubs people wrong.
David Carradine - I've always known whether I'm great. Or not.
David Caruso - Red hair stigmatizes you.
David Caruso - Television, as you know, can kind of jettison you into a whole new world.
David Caruso - In Hollywood, if you have any success, you have this fear: What do you have to do to hang onto it?
David Caruso - I learned that unemployment can be the great educator.
David Caruso - Any story you've heard of my behavior is probably true.
David Caruso - My visibility may have gotten Hollywood to redefine what's attractive.
David Caruso - Women are not totally nauseous after seeing me.
David Caruso - Miami is one of the great cultural melting pots in the world. I love working and living here.
David Caruso - If you're not willing to risk, there are no rewards.
David Caruso - I was a guy who abandoned a TV show. I didn't care about people.
David Coverdale - I don't avoid confrontation, people should know that.
David Coverdale - What anybody else thinks about you is really of no consequence. It's what you think of yourself.
David Coverdale - You know, all my songs are relatives, brothers, sisters, cousins.
David Coverdale - I take care of my voice; I'm working out the way I would do my body, so that stays in shape.
David Coverdale - Artistic development is a thing of the past, sadly.
David Coverdale - I've always loved music, very simply, as a vehicle to express myself and that hasn't changed.
David Coverdale - I've always thought live albums were cop-outs.
David Coverdale - My voice is an instrument.
David Coverdale - Not necessarily, a lot of my songs are firmly tongue in cheek.
David Coverdale - The only one I really like is a song called Saccharine.
David Friedman - As time goes by, I realize that I do trust the wind. And I often write my songs for myself.
David Friedman - Songwriting is the most terrifying thing to me, because you are really laying your heart out there.
David Friedman - My first career was as a coach and a teacher.
David Friedman - When I got to Broadway, I conducted five Broadway shows.
David Friedman - Composition is definitely what I'm born to do, and it came last.
David Friedman - My career keeps shifting; I keep doing the next thing and it keeps growing.
David Friedman - I wanted to produce Nancy LaMott's albums, so I created my own record company.
David Friedman - I fought for years and spent a fortune fighting and never got anywhere.
David Friedman - I've been doing my big theater projects, which take years, and writing a song here and there.
David Friedman - It sometimes feels like I'm not doing anything.
David Frum - Think tanks do have points of view, and they are absolutely entitled to defend them.
David Frum - My mother cared more about how you reasoned than about the conclusions you reached.
David Frum - Nobody ever won an election by spitting at his political opponents.
David Frum - The thing that sustains a strong Fox network is the thing that undermines a strong Republican party.
David Frum - The elite isn't leading anymore. It's trapped.
David Frum - People need to understand that in Washington, the process is the punishment.
David Frum - In journalism I can only tell what happened. In fiction, I can show it.
David Frum - There is no right to work in a think tank, and these are very privileged positions.
David Frum - Why should we not expect self-designated environmental leaders to practice what they preach?
David Frum - Republicans originally thought that Fox worked for us and now we're discovering we work for Fox.
David Guetta - I want to party in space because I make alien music.
David Guetta - Our job as producers is to make the music sound as good as possible.
David Guetta - You know, kids come to see me in the same way that their parents would go to see a rock concert.
David Guetta - I headline concert halls for 20,000 people, but I still play smaller venues.
David Guetta - Traveling all around the world, music sounds different.
David Guetta - I'm not limited.
David Guetta - I'm not the type of person to live in fear. I think positively.
David Guetta - I wanna be a nice guy.
David Guetta - I mix up all styles on my albums because that is what music is about now.
David Guetta - Kids listen to everything on the Internet.
David Ige - We have more endangered species here in our islands than any other state in the country.
David Ige - Any time and money spent on LNG is time and money not spent on renewable energy.
David Ige - There were many in the party that did not want me to run.
David Ige - We want the people of Japan to know that the people of Hawaii welcome them to the Hawaiian Islands.
David Ige - Japan and Hawaii enjoy a special connection, and I want to honor this enduring relationship.
David Ige - I think it's really important as we position Hawaii as the policy leader in renewable energy.
David Ige - LNG is a fossil fuel. LNG is imported.
David Ige - I have reached the conclusion that Hawaii does not need LNG in our future.
David Ige - It's time to focus all of our efforts on renewables. We will oppose the building of LNG facilities.
David Ige - The voters of Hawaii have said loud and clear that it's not money that wins elections.
David Johansen - I'm doing exactly what I want to do, and I'm having fun doing it.
David Johansen - I got arrested once on stage in Memphis for looking too much like Liza Minnelli.
David Johansen - Playing music is the best thing in the world. It makes show business almost bearable.
David Johansen - It's really a drag to do the same project over and over again.
David Johansen - My father was a Norwegian tenor and my mother a New York Irish librarian.
David Johansen - When I'm sleeping I do a lot of living.
David Johansen - I'm not impersonating anybody. I'm perfectly satisfied with what I am.
David Johansen - I've been around the block a couple of times, and the guy I am now is the guy I like to be.
David Johansen - I still do a lot of shows with Brian Koonin, but we haven't had a full band lately.
David Johansen - The first Latin music that blew my mind was bumba, which was a Puerto Rican beat.
David Korten - Global competition is about winners and losers.
David Korten - Money is a mechanism for control.
David Korten - My claim is that we do not have a market economy, but a capitalist economy.
David Korten - It is interesting to note that the 200 richest people have more assets than the 2 billion poorest.
David Korten - Money is not wealth. Money is a claim on wealth.
David Korten - Wall Street sees a social fabric or social contract as inefficiencies, which need to be removed.
David Korten - So, there is enormous instability in the global economy with a shift of winners and losers.
David Korten - We should be moving toward local currencies not global or European currencies.
David Korten - If I would need to make a prediction I still believe Kaplan's scenario is very plausible.
David Korten - There are actually very few US politicians who have integrity and vision.
David L. Wolper - Relax! Life is beautiful!
David L. Wolper - My main contribution has been that I have educated and entertained people at the same time.
David L. Wolper - Continuity is a wonderful thing, and it is a very rare thing in show business.
David L. Wolper - I can possibly say I have entertained and educated more people than anyone else in the world.
David L. Wolper - There's a fine line between patriotism and corn.
David L. Wolper - If people perceive 'Roots' to be a black history show, nobody is going to watch it.
David L. Wolper - My roots are documentaries.
David L. Wolper - I was the first independent to walk in with a documentary.
David L. Wolper - The minute I went into business, I was a success, and I've done well ever since.
David L. Wolper - I don't call four hours a miniseries.
David Morrissey - We have one life and we should cherish it and make it the best we can.
David Morrissey - It's always good to find out what you don't want to do.
David Morrissey - When you are an actor, rejection and disappointment are an occupational hazard.
David Morrissey - Liverpool will always be my home.
David Morrissey - I like to act because I can forget about everything else.
David Morrissey - I think I'm quite a lazy person, actually. If I'm not careful, I could just stay in bed all day.
David Morrissey - My son got me into 'The Mighty Boosh.' I just love that surrealist humour.
David Morrissey - The thing as an actor is you get a sense of what a show is like the minute you walk on the set.
David Morrissey - I'd really like to get on a Greyhound bus and go backpacking across America.
David Morrissey - I've moved into directing as well as acting, and it has taught me never to take casting personally.
David Neeleman - What you can't buy is the loyalty that comes through our dedicated crewmembers.
David Neeleman - We're reviewing everything to see how we can do it better, faster, and more efficiently.
David Neeleman - Just keep thinking about the good side of ADD - the creativity and the originality it can stimulate.
David Neeleman - I'm always crunching numbers, so my calculator watch is a must.
David Neeleman - And, of course, customers really need to feel safe and are seeking reassurance when they fly.
David Neeleman - Value will always be on top of everyone's lists now, right along with safety.
David Neeleman - This is not a business where you can hand off and run by remote control.
David Neeleman - I also really like getting to know our crew members better.
David Neeleman - I actually thrive on all the challenges, and I don't feel like ADD has impaired my ability.
David Neeleman - Certainly, we are hurt by the high fuel prices because it raises our cost.
David Ogden Stiers - There are a couple of roles I haven't played that I want to. I would love to play Shiloh.
David Ogden Stiers - Family means no one gets left behind or forgotten.
David Ogden Stiers - In television you go in with this operating system that it is a crapshoot.
David Ogden Stiers - A lot affects the outcome. It boils down to scheduling and the commitment of the network.
David Ogden Stiers - I'd forgotten I'd done the anime called Spirited Away, the English version of a Japanese film.
David Ogden Stiers - We lament the speed of our society and the lack of depth and the nature of disposable information.
David Ogden Stiers - High school music teachers... nobody makes a living off it.
David Ogden Stiers - I will never master this craft. Orchestras are very, very forthcoming with me.
David Ogden Stiers - I am certainly not a mainstream religious man.
David Ogden Stiers - It's really important to stay engaged and involved in the character.
David Prowse - Training has been such a huge part of my life and career I hope to keep going with it.
David Prowse - I've seen the teaser trailer for Revenge of the Sith though and I think it will be excellent.
David Prowse - My agent set up a meeting with George Lucas. They were casting in England.
David Prowse - I suppose the most fun I had was on the second film.
David Prowse - But I must say the work I'm proudest of is the Green Cross Code man.
David Prowse - I am doing better now though one of my legs is shorter than the other due to the operations.
David Prowse - As a director he was not that interested in Vader.
David Prowse - Actually I'm not that involved in the fan site.
David Prowse - Actually, the Department of Transport were at one stage going to sack me.
David Prowse - Not much to be perfectly honest! I thought The Phantom Menace was terrible, except for the Pod Race.
David Steinberg - Silences are the most underrated part of comedy.
David Steinberg - And it was a huge emotional thing to leave the law and become unemployed - to be a student again.
David Steinberg - I rewrote it and I took all your notes. Read it again, that kind of persistence paid off.
David Steinberg - My father was a rabbi and had a little synagogue in Canada, so I'm from Canada. I left there at 16.
David Steinberg - When I started, you didn't make a lot of money by being a comedian. You didn't get a lot of respect.
David Steinberg - Comedians talk to other comedians the way jazz musicians can talk to each other.
David Steinberg - A spontaneous interview feels differently than anything else you see on television.
David Steinberg - We were the guys on the other side. It was hilarious.
David Steinberg - Being a lawyer in New York sucks because you're working eighty, sometimes a hundred hours a week.
David Steinberg - You don't need to be stable to be a stand-up comedian.
David Wilkerson - Love is not only something you feel, it is something you do.
David Wilkerson - I believe in walking in the Spirit.
David Wilkerson - God has never, in the history of mankind, allowed his name to go long offended.
David Wilkerson - My oldest son, Gary, is a seasoned minister and travels with me for ministers' conferences.
David Wilkerson - In these times, God's people must trust him for rest of body and soul.
David Wilkerson - Eighteen years ago, the Holy Spirit led me to establish a church in the heart of Times Square.
David Wilkerson - Both of our daughters, Debbie and Bonnie, are also cancer survivors.
David Wilkerson - Christ died to save this lost world; he did not come to destroy, maim or pour out wrath.
David Wilkerson - Our ministry is debt free and we have not had to beg or plead for finances.
David Wilkerson - From the beginning, this has been a faith-based ministry.
Davy Jones - Wherever I go, people still shout out: 'Hey, hey, we're The Monkees.' And I never tire of that.
Davy Jones - The thing is, the reader doesn't want to hear about bad times.
Davy Jones - Justin Bieber stole my haircut. And Axl Rose stole my dance!
Davy Jones - The Monkees changed my life but ruined my acting career.
Davy Jones - The racing bug is never going to go away. It's like the Mafia.
Davy Jones - You know I used to be a heartthrob, and now I'm a coronary.
Davy Jones - The Monkees are like the mafia. You're in for life. Nobody gets out.
Davy Jones - I was mad at Screen Gems, but I'm not mad at them anymore.
Davy Jones - My family is a part of my life and everything is all a mixture of enjoyment.
Davy Jones - As far as groupies, I never saw any of them.
Dean Inge - I have no fear that the candle lighted in Palestine years ago will ever be put out.
Dean Inge - What is originality? Undetected plagiarism.
Dean Inge - The soul is dyed with the color of its leisure thoughts.
Dean Inge - Let none of us delude himself by supposing that honesty is always the best policy. It is not.
Dean Inge - Gambling is a disease of barbarians superficially civilized.
Dean Inge - The wisdom of the wise is an uncommon degree of common sense.
Dean Inge - Don't get up from the feast of life without paying for your share of it.
Dean Inge - The wise man is he who knows the relative value of things.
Dean Inge - We tolerate shapes in human beings that would horrify us if we saw them in a horse.
Dean Inge - A good government remains the greatest of human blessings and no nation has ever enjoyed it.
DeAngelo Williams - When breast cancer took my mom, it met its biggest enemy.
DeAngelo Williams - Pink is not a color - it's a culture to me.
DeAngelo Williams - Speak your mind; you don't have to be PC.
DeAngelo Williams - I grew up knowing the importance of breast cancer.
DeAngelo Williams - My mom was the strongest woman I know.
DeAngelo Williams - I want everyone to know there is always someone there for you.
DeAngelo Williams - I'm a Nickelback guy.
DeAngelo Williams - As a football team, we don't have any backups. We don't consider anybody a backup.
DeAngelo Williams - I grew up watching wrestling.
DeAngelo Williams - There are a lot of people who don't know what metastatic breast cancer is.
Deb Caletti - I would eat fruitcake if there'd been a nuclear war and I'd run out of canned goods.
Deb Caletti - When you go looking for rescue, you end up trapped in your own weakness.
Deb Caletti - Sometimes good choices are really bad ones, wrapped up in so much fear you can't even see straight.
Deb Caletti - I've never met a popcorn ball I didn't like.
Deb Caletti - Like all kids with divorced parents, I have an abundance of holidays.
Deb Caletti - You never know how - or when - the idea for a book will appear.
Deb Caletti - One of the most constant and sustaining truths of my life has been this: I love the library.
Deb Caletti - I long for books; I am utterly greedy about them.
Deb Caletti - I became a writer because I love books, and I believe in their power.
Deb Caletti - My dream was, and always had been, to write a book. To be a writer.
Debbie Allen - I'm always moving forward.
Debbie Allen - It's kind of dangerous to cut in the camera, but that's the only way I know how to direct.
Debbie Allen - In scoring we have a lot that was not evident in the shooting. The radio is on all the time.
Debbie Allen - But out of limitations comes creativity.
Debbie Allen - Michael Ralph brilliantly plays the street prophet, a West Indian who foreshadows the Harlem riot.
Debbie Allen - Time management is a big part of the director's job.
Debbie Allen - The biggest challenge was that we had to shoot so quickly and with such a limited budget.
Debbie Allen - Everything has to be well thought out - what do you really need, when can you do with less coverage.
Debbie Allen - A director just pushes them a little this way or that way.
Debbie Allen - But it was not possible to do this movie, in this matter of time, without a solid rehearsal period.
Dee Dee Ramone - I'd like to congratulate myself, and thank myself, and give myself a big pat on the back.
Dee Dee Ramone - I haven't done rap... I can't do that too well.
Dee Dee Ramone - I couldn't do rap. I was trying. I don't know how. I'm not good enough to know.
Dee Dee Ramone - I think it would be nice to be a prince.
Dee Dee Ramone - I like California a lot more than New York these days.
Dee Dee Ramone - Metallica - they're so demonic, they're crazy, I don't know how they do it.
Dee Dee Ramone - Ricky Nelson... I couldn't believe it when he died. He was a great rock star.
Dee Dee Ramone - We didn't do an American tour because it I know it wouldn't go down well.
Dee Dee Ramone - I used to be a hairdresser.
Dee Dee Ramone - It's very expensive to bring a band to New York.
Deirdre O'Kane - Work hard, play hard, dream big, love loads, laugh as much as you can, and give back.
Deirdre O'Kane - I think boarding school does give you an independence.
Deirdre O'Kane - Yves Saint Laurent will never go out of business so long as I'm buying mountains of Touche Eclat.
Deirdre O'Kane - Filling a theatre like the Olympia or Vicar Street on your own name is a very rewarding moment.
Deirdre O'Kane - I love peppermint tea, as it's much nicer than taking anything chemical for settling your stomach.
Deirdre O'Kane - Acting is very much an all-or-nothing job.
Deirdre O'Kane - You worry about whether you are match-fit, coming back to the stand-up stage.
Deirdre O'Kane - I don't like doing things by halves, and I realised you can't do stand-up comedy part-time.
Deirdre O'Kane - I knew I wanted to be an actress from the age of 13.
Deirdre O'Kane - I have no proper money to invest!
Delta Burke - I wish I could blame it on the choreography, but it's not a musical. I just had a clumsy moment.
Delta Burke - If you want to say it with flowers, a single rose says: 'I'm cheap!'
Delta Burke - And then, I do love my shopping, but actually, lounging is the big thing.
Delta Burke - One time we did have 300 acres in watermelons. That was fun.
Delta Burke - For a while I was living in New Orleans for like 4, 5 years. I had just come back to town.
Delta Burke - I like it when I strut.
Delta Burke - You're supposed to remember, and still forgive.
Delta Burke - Eve wasn't a size 6 and neither am I.
Delta Burke - I loved living in London, and I didn't want to leave.
Delta Burke - I get in my golf cart with my dogs, I have five dogs.
Demetrius Shipp, Jr. - I went to school in Long Beach, and all the seniors I used to kick it with called me Pac.
Demetrius Shipp, Jr. - This is really honest: I have to remind myself not to look another black man as a threat.
Demetrius Shipp, Jr. - I vowed to never be on camera down-talking another black man.
Demetrius Shipp, Jr. - He's a layered person, so you have to tackle all the aspects of Tupac individually.
Demetrius Shipp, Jr. - My father's relationship with Pac was something I was proud of.
Demetrius Shipp, Jr. - Whatever I do, I just want it to be good.
Demetrius Shipp, Jr. - I have to say that I'm a very passionate person.
Demetrius Shipp, Jr. - Black films and television are growing and getting the recognition... and the opportunities.
Demetrius Shipp, Jr. - Tupac was a person who was all about love. I feel like that's me, too; that's who I've always been.
Demetrius Shipp, Jr. - I want to be a part of bringing people together and sharing that love.
Demi Moore - Not caring more about what other people think than what you think. That's freedom.
Demi Moore - Some of my lowest points were the most exciting opportunities to push through to be a better person.
Demi Moore - The thing is most people are afraid to step out, to take a chance beyond their established identity.
Demi Moore - I have had a love-hate relationship with my body.
Demi Moore - You don't come into this life wanting to be anything other than happy.
Demi Moore - Don't let your wounds make you become someone you're not.
Demi Moore - For the moment I prefer to be a beautiful woman of my age than try desperately to look 30.
Demi Moore - Life isn't always easy, but it's simple.
Demi Moore - Certainly I'm passionate and driven and quite relentless when I want something.
Demi Moore - You have to acknowledge a problem exists before you can actually go about finding a solution.
Denise Mina - I think the negative traits are what makes us love other human beings, the foibles and the flaws.
Denise Mina - Journalism is a Darwinian process.
Denise Mina - I think graphic novels are closer to prose than film, which is a really different form.
Denise Mina - Usually when I'm trying to establish character, I try and find out where they live.
Denise Mina - I love bleak things.
Denise Mina - I grew up in London under Thatcher and that really was disgusting. A feeding frenzy.
Denise Mina - None of us know what is going to sell or what people want to read.
Denise Mina - There's a real emphasis on being witty in Scotland, even in crime novels.
Denise Mina - Crime fiction is the fiction of social history. Societies get the crimes they deserve.
Denise Mina - I'm terrified to get married. I'm not getting married till my gay friends can.
Dennis Christopher - I'm not getting involved in sports anymore, except on film. I'm not agile unless a camera's going.
Dennis Christopher - I've done a lot of things with theater that I'm very, very proud of.
Dennis Christopher - I've had a 'Zelig'-like career. I pop up unexpectedly. I'm always kind of around.
Dennis Christopher - Character actors have a long shelf life.
Dennis Christopher - I don't know why every actor doesn't do more plays.
Dennis Christopher - There were two things I wanted to be: an actor and a hippie.
Dennis Christopher - The secret is that I am Italian.
Dennis Christopher - Work has been my lover - I've shied away from any commitments.
Dennis Christopher - I've never chosen or rejected a role because of money.
Dennis Christopher - I've done a lot of stage in my life, but I never had to dominate a stage for three hours.
Desiigner - The biggest challenge for me is just knowing how to calm down.
Desiigner - I'm definitely happy and appreciate all the love everyone's given to me.
Desiigner - I played the sax at school. I was in marching band.
Desiigner - My grandfather is a blues musician.
Desiigner - Even the diss tracks was enhancing 'Panda.'
Desiigner - My sister listened to reggae, and my homies listened to trap music.
Desiigner - I'm my own favorite artist, but I love everybody's music.
Desiigner - I was always on my swag since I was younger.
Desiigner - I came from a supportive home with a mommy and a daddy, and they had everything I wanted.
Desiigner - Before 'Panda,' I had a buzz already.
Dhani Harrison - My job description is... being enthusiastic.
Dhani Harrison - I did rebel. I was the rebel in my family, because my dad wanted me to go and just travel with him.
Dhani Harrison - Everyone's seen the Beatles.
Dhani Harrison - I'm a huge Wu-Tang fan.
Dhani Harrison - I only discovered electronic music as a teenager and I still love the Prodigy and Massive Attack.
Dhani Harrison - Thenewno2 is sort of my little prototype band, really.
Dhani Harrison - I'm still getting used to being called a composer. A poseur, maybe.
Dhani Harrison - I recently got into 'Lie to Me' with Tim Roth and 'The Mentalist.'
Dhani Harrison - I have two mini huskies called Woody Guthrie and Edison Guthrie.
Dhani Harrison - 'Keep your head down at school.' Those are sage words from my dad. They kept me in check for years.
Dhani Jones - There's nothing better than live music. It's raw energy, and raw energy feeds the soul.
Dhani Jones - I'm living my future as long as you're living in the present and realize how beautiful life is.
Dhani Jones - Just because you wear a bow tie doesn't mean you're a nerd.
Dhani Jones - Without creation, what are we but stalled in life?
Dhani Jones - People look at you differently if you wear a bow tie, as opposed to a necktie.
Dhani Jones - Travel around the world is amazing. New people. New-found family, really.
Dhani Jones - Football is one side of me. Art is another. Travel is another.
Dhani Jones - Every country I go to, I learn a little bit more about myself.
Dhani Jones - I want everybody to travel, to travel and not be afraid.
Dhani Jones - I would love to be a grinder on some race yacht.
Diane Paulus - The musical theater is a glorious and distinctly American innovation in the history of theater.
Diane Paulus - When you're a freelance director, you are hired to create the art, and it kind of stops there.
Diane Paulus - It's freeing to not be caught up in your own personal baggage.
Diane Paulus - I grew up with a beautiful gold harp sitting in our living room. My older sister played it.
Diane Paulus - Opera is the ultimate art form. It has singing and music and drama and dance and emotion and story.
Diane Paulus - Politics, to a degree, is about legislation, administration. You can't be there in the trenches.
Diane Paulus - As a director, I never feel that I have the answers.
Diane Paulus - I give so much of myself to my work; I want to be with people who are going to be there with me.
Diane Paulus - I want an audience that will come sitting forward in their seats.
Diane Paulus - I don't want to be in an art bubble.
Diane Sawyer - If you're curious, you'll probably be a good journalist because we follow our curiosity like cats.
Diane Sawyer - An investigation may take six months. A quick interview, profile, a day.
Diane Sawyer - Follow what you are genuinely passionate about and let that guide you to your destination.
Diane Sawyer - People assume you can't be shy and be on television. They're wrong.
Diane Sawyer - The one lesson I have learned is that there is no substitute for paying attention.
Diane Sawyer - I like talking. I didn't know at the time I would have to worry so much about my hair.
Diane Sawyer - I have a contract but it's not a commitment in the ordinary sense. It's our ongoing conversation.
Diane Sawyer - Great questions make great reporting.
Diane Sawyer - I'm always fascinated by the way memory diffuses fact.
Diane Sawyer - I love the early process of asking questions about a story and deciding which questions matter most.
Dickey Betts - I have so many great memories of the Allman Brothers early days. It was an incredible time.
Dickey Betts - I've learned to climb a tree pretty fast.
Dickey Betts - I don't have to do Gregg Allman songs.
Dickey Betts - In 1969, I was playing guitar in several rock bands that toured central Florida.
Dickey Betts - Ramblin' was in my blood.
Dickey Betts - I wouldn't call myself a jazz player or a blues player.
Dickey Betts - As far as the music goes, I like melody.
Dickey Betts - Everything comes to an end.
Dickey Betts - Sometimes arguments get publicized so much that it gets blown all the hell out of proportion.
Dickey Betts - I really feel like I've written my most effective music in the instrumental realms.
Diego Klattenhoff - I'm going for that Mark Wahlberg look. Strong and confident.
Diego Klattenhoff - I'm extremely patriotic. I'll always be Canadian.
Diego Klattenhoff - I'm from a very, very rural place. There's really nobody out there, just roads and farms.
Diego Klattenhoff - I grew up in Nova Scotia, so there weren't a whole lot of rules.
Diego Klattenhoff - I'm so happy with 'The Blacklist.' Give me more people to shoot and throw them off buildings.
Diego Klattenhoff - Cardio is boring for me, so running outside helps to keep me going.
Diego Klattenhoff - I don't know - to be honest, I don't really model myself after anybody.
Diego Klattenhoff - You are always drawing from your personal life and using your imagination to fill in the blanks.
Diego Klattenhoff - In Canada, the only weapons you have are for hunting.
Diego Klattenhoff - I've been really fortunate to be associated with all these great shows.
Dino De Laurentiis - I see my face in the mirror, and I said, 'No, my ambition is not to be an actor.'
Dino De Laurentiis - My philosophy is very simple. To feel young, you must work as long as you can.
Dino De Laurentiis - We set ourselves a limit and cut characters which weren't so vital.
Dino De Laurentiis - Mr Tony Hopkins says he's willing to do it if he likes the script.
Dino De Laurentiis - I realized the exciting place was behind the camera with the producer, director and so on.
Dino De Laurentiis - I have two young girls, 8 and 10. They really keep me young.
Dino De Laurentiis - These scenes deal with what happened before Hannibal Lecter was captured for the first time.
Dino De Laurentiis - Making movies is all about instinct.
Dino De Laurentiis - If no producer, no movie.
Dino De Laurentiis - The pope dies, you get another pope.
Dirk Benedict - America is terrified of the passage of time. Prozac Nation. Land of Face Lifts.
Dirk Benedict - I have written two nonfiction books, I'm embarrassed to say.
Dirk Benedict - If you want to have great success, you'd better give them what they want, but so be it.
Dirk Benedict - I can still fit into my Battlestar Galactica costume!
Dirk Benedict - Life: my favorite occupation.
Dirk Benedict - The best things in life are usually difficult.
Dirk Benedict - Change is good. And in fact unavoidable.
Dirk Benedict - From Fred Astaire I learned discipline and hard work.
Dirk Benedict - Generally speaking, actors are allowed NO input. Actors are dumb.
Dirk Benedict - Movies are movies, television is television.
Domenico Dolce - The worst times can be the best if you think with positive energy.
Domenico Dolce - This is the problem today. Men and women have switched places. The woman now acts more like the man.
Domenico Dolce - Do I make fashion mistakes? Yes, but I won't say what.
Domenico Dolce - I'm a very curious person.
Domenico Dolce - It is not necessary to be too avant-garde, because you risk not being understood.
Domenico Dolce - I'm obsessed with jackets.
Domenico Dolce - The fashion system has killed fashion.
Domenico Dolce - I clear my wardrobe of anything I'm not wearing and give the clothes to charity.
Domenico Dolce - If you open my wardrobe, it's very boring.
Domenico Dolce - I want to dance. I want to live.
Dominic Cooper - Grief jumps out at you when you're least expecting it.
Dominic Cooper - There is nothing I hate more than meeting someone who has forgotten the art of conversing.
Dominic Cooper - I have a very easy life, I can wander around.
Dominic Cooper - To a certain extent I suppose all actors are big kids.
Dominic Cooper - I like being in focus, in the moment, changing and adapting and creating and advancing a scene.
Dominic Cooper - One of the exciting and enjoyable aspects of acting is being in the environment with another actor.
Dominic Cooper - I don't see myself as being a heart-throb at all.
Dominic Cooper - Any son of a dictator, I'm sure, has major issues with their relationship with their father.
Dominic Cooper - I suppose there's an anger in all of us. Some hidden rage that you keep at bay.
Dominic Cooper - Of course you can find something exciting and dynamic in any character you want to portray.
Don Bluth - We're waiting for the pendulum to swing back again, which I am absolutely confident it will.
Don Bluth - You've got to be able to make animation for much less... Less is not the studio's way.
Don Bluth - The studios will go wherever they smell money. It's like sharks to the blood.
Don Bluth - Reese Witherspoon. She's sophisticated enough that you just like her. You like her and she's smart.
Don Bluth - Usually with things, you go where you can find the financing to do it.
Don Bluth - How can you have a director that doesn't go to work with the crew every day and talk to them?
Don Bluth - Dragon's Lair 3D is about as close as you can come to controlling an animated feature film.
Don Bluth - We'd love to do Space Ace 3D. It has a lot of potential. But, it is really up to the publishers.
Don Bluth - There's about 260 rooms in the new castle which you go through, but it's all about the game play.
Don Bluth - Shelf-life for a regular video game usually is about three to five years, and that's it.
Don Nickles - ALEC is one great organization, I think, for growing future political leaders.
Don Nickles - I think there's bipartisan support in the Senate to pass a good reform bill.
Don Nickles - I think most corporate executives are good honorable honest men and women who do good work.
Don Nickles - Well, we want to make sure there's not securities fraud.
Don Nickles - If people are going to be cooking the books, you're in trouble.
Don Nickles - My last comment was, though, that Congress has cooked the books.
Don Nickles - I still happen to think the United States is the greatest place in the world to invest.
Don Nickles - I always intended to return to the private sector.
Don Nickles - Jim mentioned I was an ALEC member, and that's correct.
Don Nickles - My State Senate district was in the northern part of Oklahoma and they were redrawing the districts.
Donald McCaig - It is the job of the dog trainer to summon the dog's genetics, not to impose man's will over dog's.
Donald McCaig - I'm out of the terse Hemingway school.
Donald McCaig - Had we settled in Pennsylvania, there's no way I would have written a Confederate novel.
Donald McCaig - You have to train a dog to think.
Donald McCaig - I'm a workaday writer.
Donald McCaig - I'd rather talk about dogs than about me.
Donald McCaig - In life, sometimes it pays off when you really don't give a damn.
Donald McCaig - A sheepdog trial is the most difficult test of a man and dog ever devised.
Donald McCaig - That we have altered the dog genetically is well understood; it is hardly known how they changed us.
Donald McCaig - The Civil War has a tremendous moral and emotional force.
Donnie Wahlberg - We're entertainers, while people want us to be gods.
Donnie Wahlberg - It's rare that I come across actors who are willing to work as hard on the material as I am.
Donnie Wahlberg - It's not hard to keep up the image we chose. It's not hard to stay yourselves.
Donnie Wahlberg - In the end I'm the only one who knows me.
Donnie Wahlberg - I try to ground most of my characters in reality somehow. That's kind of what I bring to the table.
Donnie Wahlberg - A lot of kids do look up to us. But there are just as many elderly people to put us down.
Donnie Wahlberg - I love food shows: Anthony Bourdain, Iron Chef, Chopped, you name it.
Donnie Wahlberg - I love the rush of being creative. I really think I live for it.
Donnie Wahlberg - I'm very much a leader in a lot of the work that I do or that I've done in my career.
Donnie Wahlberg - I'm a fan of good horror movies.
Dorothy Malone - I was the first movie star to plunge into night-time soap opera.
Dorothy Malone - I never turned down a mother role.
Dorothy Malone - I loved to get all dusty and ride horses and plant potatoes and cotton.
Dorothy Malone - I was born in Everett; I went through grade school in Everett, high school in Seattle.
Dorothy Malone - My father was a minister, so I was a P.K., a preacher's kid.
Dorothy Malone - I had had no art training.
Dorothy Malone - Everybody said Peyton Place would be a mistake.
Dorothy Malone - Television wasn't prestigious.
Dorothy Malone - I was a bridesmaid at a wedding in one picture.
Dorothy Malone - The only thing I did at RKO of any note was lose my Texas accent.
Douglas Tompkins - I don't want to see anything natural get hurt.
Douglas Tompkins - I'm short on celebrations and long on getting to work.
Douglas Tompkins - Look at how fast technology is developing.
Douglas Tompkins - National Parks are the gold standard for conservation.
Douglas Tompkins - I'm a social justice supporter, but there is no social justice on a dead planet.
Douglas Tompkins - If you want to destroy the planet, you can kiss social justice goodbye. The earth comes first.
Douglas Tompkins - I've never, ever tried to make life easy for myself.
Douglas Tompkins - Every single national park had some component of private philanthropy.
Douglas Tompkins - Capitalism may have all sorts of things that are good, but ultimately, it's bad for everyone.
Douglas Tompkins - It is really your behaviour that determines whether you're a patriot.
Douglas Wilson - Use plants to bring life.
Douglas Wilson - I see the same coffee table everywhere. It's mass marketing.
Douglas Wilson - Yeah, I spent about 20 years in a dorm room. It took me a while to graduate.
Douglas Wilson - There is no such thing as a guilty pleasure.
Douglas Wilson - I was supposed to be the antithesis of Frank.
Douglas Wilson - I am the young, edgy New Yorker.
Douglas Wilson - I'm opinionated. I always stick to my design plan. I don't waver.
Douglas Wilson - In two days, it's hard to to get the quality you would normally want for a design project.
Douglas Wilson - Inexpensive is good.
Douglas Wilson - I've made an incredible amount of money stealing fans from homeowners.
Drew Pomeranz - A change of scenery can help everything.
Drew Pomeranz - Every outing is a learning experience.
Drew Pomeranz - I was a thrower. I think I'm more of a pitcher now.
Drew Pomeranz - You can work this hard and sometimes not get recognition for it.
Drew Pomeranz - I've done literally everything there is to do on a baseball field as a pitcher.
Drew Pomeranz - I just want to pitch well enough for us to win. In my mind, that's what it's all about.
Drew Pomeranz - No one wants to be known as a six-inning guy.
Drew Pomeranz - I don't mind walking guys as long as I don't give up runs.
Drew Pomeranz - I have to do a better job of learning how to adjust.
Drew Pomeranz - It's pretty frustrating waiting for anything.
Duane G. Carey - I'm looking forward to coming back, back to Earth, the landing, the views.
Duane G. Carey - Rendezvous day is the third day of our mission, and that's a big day for us.
Duane G. Carey - Well, for me it really wasn't a case of deciding to be an astronaut.
Duane G. Carey - I consider myself to be very fortunate in my career, my timing has worked out.
Duane G. Carey - And, I was really impressed with how beautiful our country was and how friendly the people were.
Duane G. Carey - Being in space, I'm really looking forward to working with this team of folks that I'm with.
Duane G. Carey - There's been a tremendous amount of work that's been done that you can't see in Columbia.
Duane G. Carey - Those folks out in the space suits are going to be getting beat up.
Duane G. Carey - So, we have to get up and get pumped up for each day.
Duane G. Carey - Now you're coming back to Earth, and things are getting more and more dynamic.
Duncan Sheik - I actually think sadness and darkness can be very beautiful and healing.
Duncan Sheik - But I can't really say there is too much modern music that I'm blown away by at this moment.
Duncan Sheik - It's inevitable your environment will influence what you do.
Duncan Sheik - So, once I've written a song, you know, I'm pretty happy with what the song is on its own terms.
Duncan Sheik - I wouldn't say that I've had a tough life by any stretch of the imagination.
Duncan Sheik - Simon Hale, the British arranger, does all string and wood arrangements on my records.
Duncan Sheik - I think in a way I was probably completely naive about what it takes to make something become a hit.
Duncan Sheik - Happy music doesn't tend to move me much.
Duncan Sheik - I make the kind of music I like.
Duncan Sheik - Things come to me pretty regularly. There is never a shortage or a backlog.
Dylan Penn - No matter where I'm going, I always have sunglasses, a book, and some gum in my carry-on.
Dylan Penn - Sushi is one of my favorite foods.
Dylan Penn - I can't imagine dating someone famous. I try to stay away from that as much as I can.
Dylan Penn - Modeling is not a passion of mine. I have been having fun with it, but it's just to pay the bills.
Dylan Penn - I will always eat pizza! Always.
Dylan Penn - I have a private Instagram and an official one, so I'm not opposed to social media.
Dylan Penn - Writing, directing... anything behind the camera is what I want to do.
Dylan Penn - I think my parents love that I want to do something a little different than what they do.
Dylan Penn - I'm dying to go to India.
Dylan Penn - My dream dinner party guests would be Ethel Kennedy, Truman Capote and Hunter S. Thompson.
E. B. White - Prejudice is a great time saver. You can form opinions without having to get the facts.
E. B. White - A good farmer is nothing more nor less than a handy man with a sense of humus.
E. B. White - Be obscure clearly.
E. B. White - Luck is not something you can mention in the presence of self-made men.
E. B. White - Writing is an act of faith, not a trick of grammar.
E. B. White - It is not often that someone comes along who is a true friend and a good writer.
E. B. White - Genius is more often found in a cracked pot than in a whole one.
E. B. White - I see nothing in space as promising as the view from a Ferris wheel.
E. B. White - I don't know which is more discouraging, literature or chickens.
E. B. White - The trouble with the profit system has always been that it was highly unprofitable to most people.
E. L. Doctorow - Writing is an exploration. You start from nothing and learn as you go.
E. L. Doctorow - The historian will tell you what happened. The novelist will tell you what it felt like.
E. L. Doctorow - Writing is a socially acceptable form of schizophrenia.
E. L. Doctorow - I have a number of vices, one of which is moderation.
E. L. Doctorow - Like art and politics, gangsterism is a very important avenue of assimilation into society.
E. L. Doctorow - Books are acts of composition: you compose them. You make music: the music is called fiction.
E. L. Doctorow - I try to avoid experience if I can. Most experience is bad.
E. L. Doctorow - There is no longer any such thing as fiction or nonfiction; there's only narrative.
E. L. Doctorow - When you're working well, you don't do research. Whatever you need comes to you.
E. L. Doctorow - The nature of good fiction is that it dwells in ambiguity.
E. M. Forster - The sadness of the incomplete, the sadness that is often Life, but should never be Art.
E. M. Forster - Love is always being given where it is not required.
E. M. Forster - There is something majestic in the bad taste of Italy.
E. M. Forster - Two cheers for Democracy; one because it admits variety, and two because it permits criticism.
E. M. Forster - Think before you speak is criticism's motto; speak before you think, creation's.
E. M. Forster - Either life entails courage, or it ceases to be life.
E. M. Forster - Paganism is infectious, more infectious than diphtheria or piety.
E. M. Forster - One must be fond of people and trust them if one is not to make a mess of life.
E. M. Forster - Nonsense and beauty have close connections.
E. M. Forster - Most quarrels are inevitable at the time; incredible afterwards.
E. O. Wilson - Ants have the most complicated social organization on earth next to humans.
E. O. Wilson - Destroying rainforest for economic gain is like burning a Renaissance painting to cook a meal.
E. O. Wilson - The education of women is the best way to save the environment.
E. O. Wilson - Political ideology can corrupt the mind, and science.
E. O. Wilson - In my heart, I'm an Alabaman who went up north to work.
E. O. Wilson - Every kid has a bug period... I never grew out of mine.
E. O. Wilson - When you have seen one ant, one bird, one tree, you have not seen them all.
E. O. Wilson - Nature holds the key to our aesthetic, intellectual, cognitive and even spiritual satisfaction.
E. O. Wilson - There is no better high than discovery.
E. O. Wilson - The human mind evolved to believe in the gods. It did not evolve to believe in biology.
E. W. Howe - One of the surprising things in this world is the respect a worthless man has for himself.
E. W. Howe - A young man is a theory, an old man is a fact.
E. W. Howe - Many people would be more truthful were it not for their uncontrollable desire to talk.
E. W. Howe - Fishing seems to be the favorite form of loafing.
E. W. Howe - To be an ideal guest, stay at home.
E. W. Howe - Instead of loving your enemies - treat your friends a little better.
E. W. Howe - Some men are alive simply because it is against the law to kill them.
E. W. Howe - Never tell a secret to a bride or a groom; wait until they have been married longer.
E. W. Howe - The average man's judgment is so poor, he runs a risk every time he uses it.
E. W. Howe - A man will do more for his stubbornness than for his religion or his country.
Earl Nightingale - All you need is the plan, the road map, and the courage to press on to your destination.
Earl Nightingale - People with goals succeed because they know where they're going.
Earl Nightingale - Our environment, the world in which we live and work, is a mirror of our attitudes and expectations.
Earl Nightingale - Always keep that happy attitude. Pretend that you are holding a beautiful fragrant bouquet.
Earl Nightingale - Success is the progressive realization of a worthy goal or ideal.
Earl Nightingale - You are, at this moment, standing, right in the middle of your own 'acres of diamonds.'
Earl Nightingale - Our attitude towards others determines their attitude towards us.
Earl Nightingale - The mind moves in the direction of our currently dominant thoughts.
Earl Nightingale - Executive ability is deciding quickly and getting somebody else to do the work.
Earl Nightingale - All you have to do is know where you're going. The answers will come to you of their own accord.
Earl Warren - The police must obey the law while enforcing the law.
Earl Warren - It is the spirit and not the form of law that keeps justice alive.
Earl Warren - In civilized life, law floats in a sea of ethics.
Earl Warren - We conclude that in the field of public education the doctrine of 'separate but equal' has no place.
Earl Warren - To get what you want, STOP doing what isn't working.
Earl Warren - I feel that the greatest reward for doing is the opportunity to do more.
Earl Warren - Everything I did in my life that was worthwhile, I caught hell for.
Earl Warren - Liberty, not communism, is the most contagious force in the world.
Earl Warren - The censor's sword pierces deeply into the heart of free expression.
Earl Warren - If it is a mistake of the head and not the heart don't worry about it, that's the way we learn.
Earl Weaver - On my tombstone just write, 'The sorest loser that ever lived.'
Earl Weaver - The key to winning baseball games is pitching, fundamentals, and three run homers.
Earl Weaver - No one's gonna give a damn in July if you lost a game in March.
Earl Weaver - This ain't a football game, we do this every day.
Earl Weaver - Don't worry, the fans don't start booing until July.
Earl Weaver - I think the National League has better biorhythms in July.
Earl Weaver - The only thing that matters is what happens on the little hump out in the middle of the field.
Earl Weaver - Momentum? Momentum is the next day's starting pitcher.
Earl Weaver - Coaches are an integral part of any manager's team, especially if they are good pinochle players.
Earl Weaver - I think there should be bad blood between all clubs.
Earl Wilson - A vacation is what you take when you can no longer take what you've been taking.
Earl Wilson - Science may never come up with a better office communication system than the coffee break.
Earl Wilson - One way to get high blood pressure is to go mountain climbing over molehills.
Earl Wilson - If you think nobody cares if you're alive, try missing a couple of car payments.
Earl Wilson - Success is simply a matter of luck. Ask any failure.
Earl Wilson - Nothing is as embarrassing as watching your boss do something you assured him couldn't be done.
Earl Wilson - A woman may race to get a man a gift but it always ends in a tie.
Earl Wilson - Nonchalance is the ability to remain down to earth when everything else is up in the air.
Earl Wilson - Snow and adolescence are the only problems that disappear if you ignore them long enough.
Earl Wilson - Experience is what enables you to recognize a mistake when you make it again.
Eartha Kitt - Innocence is one of the most exciting things in the world.
Eartha Kitt - My recipe for life is not being afraid of myself, afraid of what I think or of my opinions.
Eartha Kitt - Greed is so destructive. It destroys everything.
Eartha Kitt - Aging has a wonderful beauty and we should have respect for that.
Eartha Kitt - I am a mother and I know the feeling of having a baby come out of my gut.
Eartha Kitt - I am learning all the time. The tombstone will be my diploma.
Eartha Kitt - I never take anything for granted. I may slip any minute.
Eartha Kitt - I used to teach dance lessons.
Eartha Kitt - I am the original 'Material Girl.'
Eartha Kitt - Let's take care of the necessities first: give people jobs, and find a way to get us out of poverty.
Ed Asner - Raising kids is part joy and part guerrilla warfare.
Ed Asner - I don't know who made the Earth. I woke up one morning, and it's here. I make the best of it.
Ed Asner - I went into acting as psychotherapy, and it's still a work in progress.
Ed Asner - Where the work goes, I go. Wherever adulation occurs, that's where you'll find me.
Ed Asner - I was a newspaper editor in high school, and I truly thought of journalism as a career. I loved it.
Ed Asner - You don't work with Cloris Leachman, you experience her.
Ed Asner - Always keep yourself engaged, in theater, in whatever job you can get.
Ed Asner - If you can't get an acting job, then go backstage. Or take tickets.
Ed Asner - I am not a method actor, though I studied for a year with Lee Strasburg.
Ed Asner - I loved getting to Chagrin Falls, being by the falls; what a cute place it is.
Ed Koch - The fireworks begin today. Each diploma is a lighted match. Each one of you is a fuse.
Ed Koch - If you seek violence, we will seek to put you in jail.
Ed Koch - You punch me, I punch back. I do not believe it's good for one's self-respect to be a punching bag.
Ed Koch - You don't have to love them. You just have to respect their rights.
Ed Koch - The person who is bent on killing you will follow you wherever you are.
Ed Koch - In action be primitive; in foresight, a strategist.
Ed Koch - The mere process of growing old together will make the slightest acquaintance seem a bosom friend.
Ed Koch - How'm I doing?
Ed Koch - To learn something new every day is still exciting!
Ed Koch - I love being the mayor. I want to be the mayor forever.
Ed Sheeran - Be original; don't be scared of being bold!
Ed Sheeran - I've always had really messy hair.
Ed Sheeran - Some of my tattoos are a bit silly, but I know where and what time I got them.
Ed Sheeran - I think I've been around for a while. But I still have to pay my dues.
Ed Sheeran - 'Kiss Me.' That's my 'Twilight' tune, a song you'd have on the 'Twilight' soundtrack.
Ed Sheeran - I want to have a career that evolves as I go on.
Ed Sheeran - I don't really do that whole 'single life' thing. I'm kind of heads down and get things done.
Ed Sheeran - It was my love for the guitar that first got me into music and singing.
Ed Sheeran - Harry Potter is awesome.
Ed Sheeran - I'm a huge hip-hop fan from way back in the day.
Eddie Huang - I'm so sick of people misunderstanding Asians in America and what we're about.
Eddie Huang - I want to prove you don't need to have academic syntax to be intelligent.
Eddie Huang - Black culture has been a huge influence in my life.
Eddie Huang - I had no desire to be a chef, but I had a desire to be someone who was heard.
Eddie Huang - I blog because I have something to say.
Eddie Huang - For me, juicing isn't about binging and cleansing; I try to incorporate it into a balanced diet.
Eddie Huang - I have more to say as a writer than from behind a wok.
Eddie Huang - My only goal as a comedian was to stomp the life out of the model-minority myth.
Eddie Huang - I wasn't meant to be an attorney, but I was meant to go to law school.
Eddie Huang - I like being on camera, performing, seeing what people have in common.
Eddie Izzard - I just believe in the goodwill of people, the power of people to do something positive.
Eddie Izzard - If you've never seen an elephant ski, you've never been on acid.
Eddie Izzard - Cats have a scam going - you buy the food, they eat the food, they go away; that's the deal.
Eddie Izzard - I'm a one-man idiot.
Eddie Izzard - I like my coffee like I like my women. In a plastic cup.
Eddie Izzard - I wanna live 'til I die, no more, no less.
Eddie Izzard - Never put a sock in a toaster.
Eddie Izzard - I grew up in Europe, where the history comes from.
Eddie Izzard - Animals in the wild are lean, and I think we should be too.
Eddie Izzard - I wanted to be less well-known in comedy.
Eddie Marsan - The trick to acting is not to show off, it's to think the thoughts of the character.
Eddie Marsan - I've got four kids - I unblock a toilet every day.
Eddie Marsan - My business is not to show anybody anything; my job is just to do it.
Eddie Marsan - I used to do a lot of comedy. I don't know what happened. I think it's my face.
Eddie Marsan - I wanted to work with Bryan Singer because I like his films.
Eddie Marsan - I love the fact that everyone's trying to be good-looking in L.A. - then I turn up and I get work.
Eddie Marsan - I'm used to playing characters who have a lot to say but don't know how to say it.
Eddie Marsan - I always think of Gilbert Norrell as being Salieri to Jonathan Strange being Mozart.
Eddie Marsan - I'm not a great fiction reader. I love history. I love history and philosophy.
Eddie Marsan - Private education can give you confidence, which is marvellous; a sense of entitlement isn't.
Eddie Murphy - The advice I would give to someone is to not take anyone's advice.
Eddie Murphy - I love the Beatles.
Eddie Murphy - I started out as a stand-up comedian. And that's what I'm most comfortable doing.
Eddie Murphy - I'm a comedian who got into movies, so I don't really think of myself as an actor.
Eddie Murphy - Music has always been around with me.
Eddie Murphy - As you get older, you get different, and I'm a mushier, softer person as I get older.
Eddie Murphy - I'm not performing anymore. I reveal myself to the audience. I reveal myself. That's the show now.
Eddie Murphy - I'm the artist when I'm doing music that I am when I'm acting. I'm everything.
Eddie Murphy - My first concert makes me sound like a real old man. My very first concert was Jackie Wilson.
Eddie Murphy - I'm in a position that allows me to do what I want to do, and I do it.
Eddie Redmayne - Velvet is great. It's warm as well. And it's snug.
Eddie Redmayne - I never really committed to being an actor. It never felt like it would be possible, I guess.
Eddie Redmayne - Actors are actors, and there should be a complete fluidity for anyone to play anything.
Eddie Redmayne - Our dream as actors is to tell interesting stories about interesting people.
Eddie Redmayne - There's always been a relationship between the film world and fashion.
Eddie Redmayne - I'll always find the things that make a role complicated!
Eddie Redmayne - It can be a miserable profession, acting, because you always want what you can't have.
Eddie Redmayne - Going to the Oscars is always the most sensory overload and a huge amount of fun.
Eddie Redmayne - I've been a closet lover of faux-reality TV since 'The Hills'. It's bad.
Eddie Redmayne - Filming is about continuing to be alert and to think, and I find it quite exhausting.
Eddie Rickenbacker - I can give you a six-word formula for success: Think things through - then follow through.
Eddie Rickenbacker - Aviation is proof that given, the will, we have the capacity to achieve the impossible.
Eddie Rickenbacker - I'll fight like a wildcat until they nail the lid of my pine box down on me.
Eddie Rickenbacker - I've cheated the Grim Reaper more times than anyone I know.
Eddie Rickenbacker - I would rather have a million friends than a million dollars.
Eddie Rickenbacker - Courage is doing what you are afraid to do. There can be no courage unless you are scared.
Eddie Rickenbacker - Fighting in the air is not a sport. It is scientific murder.
Eddie Rickenbacker - I shall never ask any pilot to go on a mission that I won't go on.
Eddie Rickenbacker - It is the easiest thing in the world to die. The hardest is to live.
Eddie Rickenbacker - Never count on the crowd to take care of you.
Eddie Van Halen - It's always about the music, never about anything else.
Eddie Van Halen - I'm not a drunk anymore, but since they cut out my tongue, I sound drunk.
Eddie Van Halen - I'm the one in the band that said I'm not going on tour unless we do a record.
Eddie Van Halen - We're musicians. We make music for a living. It's that simple. Nothing else matters.
Eddie Van Halen - It's all about sound. It's that simple.
Eddie Van Halen - I have selective hearing.
Eddie Van Halen - I'm writing, and just doing the same thing I always do.
Eddie Van Halen - Nirvana was huge, but it didn't appeal to everyone.
Eddie Van Halen - The name Van Halen, the family legacy, is going to go on long after I'm gone.
Eddie Van Halen - I'll be making music 'til the day I die. I've done all kinds of stuff, and more is coming.
Eddie Vedder - The best revenge is to live on and prove yourself.
Eddie Vedder - The love received is the love that is saved.
Eddie Vedder - It's an art to live with pain... mix the light into gray.
Eddie Vedder - Sometimes, whether you like it or not, people elevate you. It's real easy to fall.
Eddie Vedder - Life moves fast. As much as you can learn from your history, you have to move forward.
Eddie Vedder - I don't need drugs to make my life tragic.
Eddie Vedder - I think celebrities suck.
Eddie Vedder - Caffeine. The gateway drug.
Eddie Vedder - If it's a good cause, I'll play just about anything.
Eddie Vedder - It's not a bad time to be me.
Eden Hazard - People will see me at Chelsea the way I am and judge me the way they want to.
Eden Hazard - You question yourself all the time as a footballer. You have to focus on the positives.
Eden Hazard - I ask myself what I can do to become like Messi and Ronaldo and score 50 or 60 goals in a season.
Eden Hazard - You want to win the games, to win trophies.
Eden Hazard - The Premier League is difficult. The small teams can beat the big teams.
Eden Hazard - When you are young, you sometimes play one good game and then one bad game.
Eden Hazard - It is always good to be on the scoresheet.
Eden Hazard - My target is to give everything, and only if we win the trophies will I be relaxed.
Eden Hazard - It's true that I'm even better than I could have imagined, both in football and in my private life!
Eden Hazard - I knew that Chelsea was a club that changed its manager reasonably often.
Edgar Bronfman, Sr. - I don't believe in God. I do believe in Judaism. I believe in ethics, morals.
Edgar Bronfman, Sr. - I'd vote for Mickey Mouse before I voted for John McCain and Sarah Palin.
Edgar Bronfman, Sr. - The beauty of Judaism is that it demands we ask questions, especially of ourselves.
Edgar Bronfman, Sr. - I remind everybody that the Sabbath was the Jewish gift to civilization.
Edgar Bronfman, Sr. - No one said anything to my face, but I constantly heard comments denigrating Jews.
Edgar Bronfman, Sr. - I would like every Jew to be as comfortable in his skin as I am in mine.
Edgar Bronfman, Sr. - In terms of defending Jews, I'm a Jew.
Edgar Bronfman, Sr. - The Jews' fear of assimilation and intermarriage should not replace fear of anti-Semitism.
Edgar Bronfman, Sr. - I've had three wives. I've had five weddings.
Edgar Bronfman, Sr. - My father put it right when he said: 'I don't get ulcers. I give ulcers.'
Edgar Wright - I think it's good to have pressure on yourself. The worst crime is to get kind of really complacent.
Edgar Wright - Whenever I'm writing a script, I'm scoring myself by playing the right kind of music.
Edgar Wright - I use music to focus, like an internal motor.
Edgar Wright - If you're on a road trip, you need driving music.
Edgar Wright - I am always watching old films and trying to fill gaps in my knowledge.
Edgar Wright - I'd rather try and cram in another two gags than leave a pause to say, 'Hey, wasn't that bit funny?'
Edgar Wright - When I am not working, I try to watch more than one film a day if I can.
Edgar Wright - I tire of franchises, remakes, and endless sequels.
Edgar Wright - Wes Anderson deserves an award for sheer persistence of vision.
Edgar Wright - Sometimes, some things have to settle, and you have to think about the intention of it.
Edie Falco - Coming home to my family afterward makes the work richer, easier and more fun.
Edie Falco - In my household there is an insane amount of laughter and celebration.
Edie Falco - I love being able to take a nap in the afternoon.
Edie Falco - I grew up kind of a tomboy and I used to fight with all the neighborhood boys.
Edie Falco - I actually washed my window once, and it fell through - it was being held together by the dirt.
Edie Falco - It's hard to notice things without people noticing me and that takes some getting used to.
Edie Falco - My actual personality probably lies someplace between the two.
Edie Falco - The world gets very small after a while, if you stick around long enough.
Edie Falco - There's a little good and bad in everyone. Everybody I've ever loved is very complicated.
Edie Falco - One of the ways I think I gain fodder for characters is by watching people.
Edith Head - Fashion is a language. Some know it, some learn it, some never will - like an instinct.
Edith Head - You can have anything you want in life if you dress for it.
Edith Head - Your dresses should be tight enough to show you're a woman and loose enough to show you're a lady.
Edith Head - Some people need sequins, others don't.
Edith Head - There's no such thing as a standard size movie star, or woman for that matter.
Edith Head - My motto is that the audience should notice the actors, not the clothes.
Edith Head - Before you are interviewed for the job you want, try on the complete outfit you intend to wear.
Edith Head - A designer is only as good as the star who wears her clothes.
Edith Head - I have yet to see one completely unspoiled star, except for the animals - like Lassie.
Edith Head - I have yet to see one completely unspoiled star, except for Lassie.
Edith Wharton - There are two ways of spreading light: to be the candle or the mirror that reflects it.
Edith Wharton - My little dog - a heartbeat at my feet.
Edith Wharton - To be able to look life in the face: that's worth living in a garret for, isn't it?
Edith Wharton - Life is always a tightrope or a feather bed. Give me the tightrope.
Edith Wharton - A New York divorce is in itself a diploma of virtue.
Edith Wharton - If only we'd stop trying to be happy we'd have a pretty good time.
Edith Wharton - Beware of monotony; it's the mother of all the deadly sins.
Edith Wharton - True originality consists not in a new manner but in a new vision.
Edith Wharton - The only way not to think about money is to have a great deal of it.
Edith Wharton - The air of ideas is the only air worth breathing.
Edmund Hillary - It is not the mountain we conquer but ourselves.
Edmund Hillary - Human life is far more important than just getting to the top of a mountain.
Edmund Hillary - People do not decide to become extraordinary. They decide to accomplish extraordinary things.
Edmund Hillary - Life's a bit like mountaineering - never look down.
Edmund Hillary - I enjoyed climbing with other people, good friends, but I did quite a lot of solo climbing, too.
Edmund Hillary - No one remembers who climbed Mount Everest the second time.
Edmund Hillary - It's not a real adventure when you have to pay for it.
Edmund Hillary - The truth is, I'm just a rough old New Zealander who has enjoyed many challenges in his life.
Edmund Hillary - Adventuring can be for the ordinary person with ordinary qualities, such as I regard myself.
Edmund Hillary - On the summit of Everest, I had a feeling of great satisfaction to be first there.
Edmund Phelps - A nation's economy is more than its markets, tastes, technologies and property rights.
Edmund Phelps - Democrats and Republicans have been very keen to make home ownership almost a national purpose.
Edmund Phelps - When I was a teenager, I learned to play the trumpet. Music became my passion.
Edmund Phelps - I didn't do my work for money or prizes - only for the excitement of discovery.
Edmund Phelps - Expertise and judgment in the art of lending for novel ventures must be reacquired.
Edmund Phelps - Statistical studies are all over the lot about the pluses and minuses of raising the minimum wage.
Edmund Phelps - I don't think the economy telegraphs very clearly where it's going.
Edmund Phelps - An economy open to new concepts and novel ventures is bound to generate unequal gains.
Edmund Phelps - Italy and France could lop off their excessive wealth through a one-time tax on private wealth.
Edmund Phelps - My God, I don't know anyone who likes to accumulate their wealth more than the Europeans.
Edmund White - I think sincerity was my sole aesthetic and realism my experimental technique.
Edmund White - Of course the success of A Boy's Own Story took me utterly off guard.
Edmund White - Just like Barack Obama, my views on gay marriage have evolved, and now I am a reluctant groom.
Edmund White - These rejections hurt me terribly because I felt it was my life that was being rejected.
Edmund White - It always seemed much better to be a writer - a Real Writer - than a successful hack.
Edmund White - I was never an assimilationist. I always thought gays had some special mission.
Edmund White - I don't have to get married myself in order to campaign on behalf of gay marriage.
Edmund White - Most writers tend to get worse rather than better. I'm determined to be one that gets better.
Edmund White - In a memoir, your main contract with the reader is to tell the truth, no matter how bizarre.
Edmund White - The Internet's impact is immense. My students can't imagine ever paying for a book.
Edna St. Vincent Millay - Beauty is whatever gives joy.
Edna St. Vincent Millay - It's not true that life is one damn thing after another; it's one damn thing over and over.
Edna St. Vincent Millay - God, I can push the grass apart and lay my finger on Thy heart.
Edna St. Vincent Millay - Set the foot down with distrust on the crust of the world - it is thin.
Edna St. Vincent Millay - Childhood is the kingdom where nobody dies. Nobody that matters, that is.
Edna St. Vincent Millay - The soul can split the sky in two and let the face of God shine through.
Edna St. Vincent Millay - The longest absence is less perilous to love than the terrible trials of incessant proximity.
Edna St. Vincent Millay - Not truth, but faith, it is that keeps the world alive.
Edna St. Vincent Millay - The young are so old, they are born with their fingers crossed.
Edna St. Vincent Millay - Please give me some good advice in your next letter. I promise not to follow it.
Edsger Dijkstra - Computer science is no more about computers than astronomy is about telescopes.
Edsger Dijkstra - Mathematicians are like managers - they want improvement without change.
Edsger Dijkstra - Program testing can be used to show the presence of bugs, but never to show their absence!
Edsger Dijkstra - There should be no such thing as boring mathematics.
Edsger Dijkstra - Simplicity is prerequisite for reliability.
Edsger Dijkstra - Aim for brevity while avoiding jargon.
Edsger Dijkstra - The ability of discerning high quality unavoidably implies the ability of identifying shortcomings.
Edsger Dijkstra - Elegance is not a dispensable luxury but a factor that decides between success and failure.
Edsger Dijkstra - Don't compete with me: firstly, I have more experience, and secondly, I have chosen the weapons.
Edsger Dijkstra - Perfecting oneself is as much unlearning as it is learning.
Eduardo Galeano - History never really says goodbye. History says, 'See you later.'
Eduardo Galeano - We are all mortal until the first kiss and the second glass of wine.
Eduardo Galeano - Most of wars or military coups or invasions are done in the name of democracy against democracy.
Eduardo Galeano - I'm attracted to soccer's capacity for beauty. When well played, the game is a dance with a ball.
Eduardo Galeano - The purpose of torture is not getting information. It's spreading fear.
Eduardo Galeano - I am quite prehistoric, absolutely prehistoric.
Eduardo Galeano - The walls are the publishers of the poor.
Eduardo Galeano - If nature were a bank, they would have already rescued it.
Eduardo Galeano - From 8 A.M. until noon, I am pessimistic. Then from 1 P.M. until 4, I feel optimistic.
Eduardo Galeano - We Latins are known for jabbering on.
Edward Abbey - When a man's best friend is his dog, that dog has a problem.
Edward Abbey - Wilderness is not a luxury but a necessity of the human spirit.
Edward Abbey - A patriot must always be ready to defend his country against his government.
Edward Abbey - Power is always dangerous. Power attracts the worst and corrupts the best.
Edward Abbey - The idea of wilderness needs no defense, it only needs defenders.
Edward Abbey - You can't study the darkness by flooding it with light.
Edward Abbey - Growth for the sake of growth is the ideology of the cancer cell.
Edward Abbey - Belief in the supernatural reflects a failure of the imagination.
Edward Abbey - Our culture runs on coffee and gasoline, the first often tasting like the second.
Edward Abbey - If the end does not justify the means - what can?
Edward de Bono - Logic will never change emotion or perception.
Edward de Bono - Humor is by far the most significant activity of the human brain.
Edward de Bono - Teaching thinking for just five hours to unemployed youngsters increased employment 500 percent.
Edward de Bono - Most of the mistakes in thinking are inadequacies of perception rather than mistakes of logic.
Edward de Bono - A memory is what is left when something happens and does not completely unhappen.
Edward de Bono - Argument is meant to reveal the truth, not to create it.
Edward de Bono - If you wait for opportunities to occur, you will be one of the crowd.
Edward de Bono - People should realize we're jerks just like them.
Edward de Bono - If you never change your mind, why have one?
Edward de Bono - Unhappiness is best defined as the difference between our talents and our expectations.
Edward G. Bulwer-Lytton - Talent does what it can; genius does what it must.
Edward G. Bulwer-Lytton - Anger ventilated often hurries towards forgiveness; anger concealed often hardens into revenge.
Edward G. Bulwer-Lytton - The pen is mightier than the sword.
Edward G. Bulwer-Lytton - In life, as in art, the beautiful moves in curves.
Edward G. Bulwer-Lytton - A good heart is better than all the heads in the world.
Edward G. Bulwer-Lytton - Power is so characteristically calm, that calmness in itself has the aspect of strength.
Edward G. Bulwer-Lytton - Love thou the rose, yet leave it on its stem.
Edward G. Bulwer-Lytton - Truth makes on the ocean of nature no one track of light; every eye, looking on, finds its own.
Edward G. Bulwer-Lytton - Beneath the rule of men entirely great, the pen is mightier than the sword.
Edward G. Bulwer-Lytton - The easiest person to deceive is one's self.
Edward Gibbon - Revenge is profitable, gratitude is expensive.
Edward Gibbon - Fanaticism obliterates the feelings of humanity.
Edward Gibbon - Hope, the best comfort of our imperfect condition.
Edward Gibbon - The winds and the waves are always on the side of the ablest navigators.
Edward Gibbon - History is indeed little more than the register of the crimes, follies, and misfortunes of mankind.
Edward Gibbon - History is little more than the register of the crimes, follies, and misfortunes of mankind.
Edward Gibbon - Our work is the presentation of our capabilities.
Edward Gibbon - The courage of a soldier is found to be the cheapest and most common quality of human nature.
Edward Gibbon - Conversation enriches the understanding, but solitude is the school of genius.
Edward Gibbon - The laws of probability, so true in general, so fallacious in particular.
Edward Hopper - If you could say it in words there would be no reason to paint.
Edward Hopper - More of me comes out when I improvise.
Edward Hopper - I think that zinc white has a property of scaling and cracking.
Edward Hopper - What I wanted to do was to paint sunlight on the side of a house.
Edward Hopper - The question of the value of nationality in art is perhaps unsolvable.
Edward Hopper - No amount of skillful invention can replace the essential element of imagination.
Edward Hopper - There is a sort of elation about sunlight on the upper part of a house.
Edward Hopper - I trust Winsor and Newton and I paint directly upon it.
Edward Hopper - Maybe I am not very human - what I wanted to do was to paint sunlight on the side of a house.
Edward Hopper - I use a retouching varnish which is made in France, Libert, and that's all the varnish I use.
Edward Norton - A lot of why I do something is just the novelty of the experience.
Edward Norton - Duality is not a story. Duality is just a complexity.
Edward Norton - It's better for people to miss you than to have seen too much of you.
Edward Norton - Life, like poker has an element of risk. It shouldn't be avoided. It should be faced.
Edward Norton - I almost forgot what it's like to be proud of my government.
Edward Norton - I don't smoke and I don't want to smoke. I am not a fan of gratuitous smoking in films.
Edward Norton - The more you can create that magic bubble, that suspension of disbelief, for a while, the better.
Edward Norton - If I'm trying to put size on for a role, then I don't do much running.
Edward Norton - Identical twins are endemically alike in many ways.
Edward Norton - I don't have anything to prove to anybody, which is a lovely place to be.
Edward R. Murrow - Anyone who isn't confused really doesn't understand the situation.
Edward R. Murrow - Good night, and good luck.
Edward R. Murrow - We cannot defend freedom abroad by deserting it at home.
Edward R. Murrow - Just once in a while let us exalt the importance of ideas and information.
Edward R. Murrow - Our major obligation is not to mistake slogans for solutions.
Edward R. Murrow - The obscure we see eventually. The completely obvious, it seems, takes longer.
Edward R. Murrow - No one can terrorize a whole nation, unless we are all his accomplices.
Edward R. Murrow - Difficulty is the excuse history never accepts.
Edward R. Murrow - People say conversation is a lost art; how often I have wished it were.
Edward R. Murrow - A satellite has no conscience.
Edward Snowden - I have no intention of hiding who I am because I know I have done nothing wrong.
Edward Snowden - Even if you're not doing anything wrong, you are being watched and recorded.
Edward Snowden - I understand that I will be made to suffer for my actions.
Edward Snowden - Sometimes the scandal is not what law was broken, but what the law allows.
Edward Snowden - I would rather be without a state than without a voice.
Edward Snowden - I have no regrets.
Edward Snowden - I do not expect to see home again, though that is what I want.
Edward Snowden - My intention is to ask the courts and people of Hong Kong to decide my fate.
Edward Snowden - I have had no contact with the Chinese government. I only work with journalists.
Edward Snowden - The NSA and Israel wrote Stuxnet together.
Edward Tufte - The minimum we should hope for with any display technology is that it should do no harm.
Edward Tufte - There are many true statements about complex topics that are too long to fit on a PowerPoint slide.
Edward Tufte - If you like overheads, you'll love PowerPoint.
Edward Tufte - The point of the essay is to change things.
Edward Tufte - My father worked for governments all his life as an engineer and public works director.
Edward Tufte - The leading edge in evidence presentation is in science; the leading edge in beauty is in high art.
Edward Tufte - Beautiful Evidence is about the theory and practice of analytical design.
Edward Tufte - The goal is to provide analytical tools that will last students a lifetime.
Edward Tufte - A practical part of my teaching is to provide demonstrative, hands-on experiences.
Edward Tufte - I am certainly not an intellectual relativist, nor a moral relativist.
Edward Young - Procrastination is the thief of time.
Edward Young - Revere thyself, and yet thyself despise.
Edward Young - How blessings brighten as they take their flight.
Edward Young - Some for renown, on scraps of learning dote, And think they grow immortal as they quote.
Edward Young - Tomorrow is the day when idlers work, and fools reform.
Edward Young - Tomorrow is a satire on today, And shows its weakness.
Edward Young - The future... seems to me no unified dream but a mince pie, long in the baking, never quite done.
Edward Young - A soul without reflection, like a pile Without inhabitant, to ruin runs.
Edward Young - They only babble who practise not reflection.
Edward Young - By all means use some time to be alone.
Edward Zwick - You have to make choices always. It's about the omission of something for the sake of another.
Edward Zwick - You can't help but reveal your bias, and you can't but invest personally in any story that you tell.
Edward Zwick - Often, romantic comedies exist in a vacuum, and it's kind of odd.
Edward Zwick - Forgive me, but what is the purpose of drama but catharsis?
Edward Zwick - One resists categorization at one's peril.
Edward Zwick - People who have any kind of illness use humor as a type of coping.
Edward Zwick - Adolescence is a time in which you experience everything more intensely.
Edward Zwick - Anorexia is pernicious and not something which goes away overnight.
Edward Zwick - Movies, as I grew up loving them, were always about something.
Edward Zwick - I, for one, suffer from a little bit of superhero fatigue.
Edwin Louis Cole - You don't drown by falling in the water; you drown by staying there.
Edwin Louis Cole - The pattern of the prodigal is: rebellion, ruin, repentance, reconciliation, restoration.
Edwin Louis Cole - Prayer in private results in boldness in public.
Edwin Louis Cole - Have faith in God; God has faith in you.
Edwin Louis Cole - Obedience is an act of faith; disobedience is the result of unbelief.
Edwin Louis Cole - Attitude determines the altitude of life.
Edwin Louis Cole - Confidentiality is a virtue of the loyal, as loyalty is the virtue of faithfulness.
Edwin Louis Cole - Your faithfulness makes you trustworthy to God.
Edwin Louis Cole - Expectancy is the atmosphere for miracles.
Edwin Louis Cole - God never ends anything on a negative; God always ends on a positive.
Ehud Barak - If I were a Palestinian of the right age, I'd eventually join one of the terrorist organizations.
Ehud Barak - Iran poses the most serious long-term threat to regional stability.
Ehud Barak - I don't do anything to impress anyone, quite successfully I can tell you.
Ehud Barak - Leadership can change its mind; leadership can open its eye. Leadership can even be replaced.
Ehud Barak - We want peace, but not at any price.
Ehud Barak - I'm such a failed politician that all of my rivals have disappeared, on both sides.
Ehud Barak - I don't feel opportunistic ever, in anything.
Ehud Barak - History never repeats itself in the same way.
Ehud Barak - An independent, strong, thriving and peaceful State of Israel is the vengeance of the dead.
Ehud Barak - I know that I am absolutely reliable. Absolutely.
Ehud Olmert - Dictates are futile, and mutual accusations are nothing but useless word games.
Ehud Olmert - Historic scores cannot be settled, and scars cannot be obliterated.
Ehud Olmert - A prime minister must not promise things that can't be fulfilled.
Ehud Olmert - I love my country more than anything else.
Ehud Olmert - When you fight for the impossible, sometimes you lose everything.
Ehud Olmert - I always wake up early Saturday morning, and I have a little bit more time, so I go to the gym.
Ehud Olmert - There is always a human being behind the titles and the status.
Ehud Olmert - I have to make sure that I am doing the right thing. I can't afford to make any mistake.
Ehud Olmert - Barack Obama's journey to the White House has impressed and inspired the entire world.
Ehud Olmert - I don't like this terminology that you have no choice. You always have a choice.
Elaine Chao - Typically, after moving backwards, the economy takes even more steps forward.
Elaine Chao - When there's change, people are always anxious.
Elaine Chao - As I looked up at the Statue of Liberty, I thought at that time, 'What a wonderful country.'
Elaine Chao - When Peace Corps was first proposed, some in Congress assumed that only men would be volunteers.
Elaine Chao - There are many reasons to worry; the evening news is full of them.
Elaine Chao - Consider trade protectionism. It's been tried - and found wanting - since the Great Depression.
Elaine Chao - I know what it is like to feel vulnerable and fearful during a difficult time.
Elaine Chao - We're a robust democracy here. That's the wonderful thing about this country.
Elaine Chao - I can tell you I love California - and no more.
Elaine Chao - My first port of call was Los Angeles. That's where I laid my first foot on America.
Elaine Stritch - You have to be very, very good looking to get ahead in motion pictures.
Elaine Stritch - I like glasses so I can go out without my makeup. Just grab your coat and get your hat and go.
Elaine Stritch - There's something that really frightens me - and that's fear.
Elaine Stritch - Diabetes is a lousy, lousy disease.
Elaine Stritch - I think the most interesting New Yorkers are the people who were not born here.
Elaine Stritch - As a diabetic, I'm a walking picnic. I have to eat measured amounts of food at certain times.
Elaine Stritch - When I'm playing comedy, it is such a crap shoot of what will work and what won't.
Elaine Stritch - Audiences are not strangers to me. They're the best friends I've got in my life.
Elaine Stritch - There will always be ladies who lunch. Always. And apparently they live a long time.
Elaine Stritch - Making clever speeches takes a lot of work and a lot of time.
Elayne Boosler - We have wild animals in zoos, yet people rarely meet their 'food' face to face.
Elayne Boosler - When the sun comes up, I have morals again.
Elayne Boosler - Ever notice that Soup for One is eight aisles away from Party Mix?
Elayne Boosler - To listen to your own silence is the key to comedy.
Elayne Boosler - You never see a man walking down the street with a woman who has a little potbelly and a bald spot.
Elayne Boosler - I know what men want. Men want to be really, really close to someone who will leave them alone.
Elayne Boosler - You know, if you need 100 rounds to kill a deer, maybe hunting isn't your sport.
Elayne Boosler - Pigs are smarter than dogs, and both are smarter than Congress.
Elayne Boosler - My fashion philosophy is, if you're not covered in dog hair, your life is empty.
Elayne Boosler - Horse racing is waning in popularity.
Elbert Hubbard - Do not take life too seriously. You will never get out of it alive.
Elbert Hubbard - The best preparation for good work tomorrow is to do good work today.
Elbert Hubbard - He who does not understand your silence will probably not understand your words.
Elbert Hubbard - Positive anything is better than negative nothing.
Elbert Hubbard - Do your work with your whole heart, and you will succeed - there's so little competition.
Elbert Hubbard - Be pleasant until ten o'clock in the morning and the rest of the day will take care of itself.
Elbert Hubbard - Never explain - your friends do not need it and your enemies will not believe you anyway.
Elbert Hubbard - A friend is one who knows you and loves you just the same.
Elbert Hubbard - God will not look you over for medals degrees or diplomas, but for scars.
Elbert Hubbard - If you suffer, thank God! It is a sure sign that you are alive.
Eli Broad - The inability to delegate is one of the biggest problems I see with managers at all levels.
Eli Broad - Every artist is unreasonable, because he or she is doing something that hasn't been done before.
Eli Broad - You can have great teachers, but if you don't have a good principal, you won't have a good school.
Eli Broad - I have always believed that every great city in history needs a vibrant center.
Eli Broad - Philanthropy is activism.
Eli Broad - Any city in America would like to get a museum built if they didn't have to pay for it.
Eli Broad - A real collector does not sell.
Eli Broad - I've got a big ego, I admit it; I'm ego-driven.
Eli Broad - I'd rather be respected than loved.
Eli Broad - Anything I do, I spend a lot of time. I do it with passion and intensity. I want to be in charge.
Eli Roth - Las Vegas is a 24-hour city. It never stops.
Eli Roth - I've always dreamed of having a year-round haunted house.
Eli Roth - Much of my youth was spent in the parking lot or inside a Dunkin' Donuts.
Eli Roth - Anytime you're the first to speak out against something, there's going to be a backlash.
Eli Roth - The scariest people are usually the sweetest.
Eli Roth - As a kid, I was the neighbourhood baby-sitter - very responsible, always in charge.
Eli Roth - I have no tattoos. There's nothing I've even been that into to get a tattoo of it.
Eli Roth - When people direct insults at me, I can take it.
Eli Roth - Horror movies are the best date movies. There's no wondering, 'When do I put my arm around her?'
Eli Roth - When someone throws up while watching one of your movies, it's like a standing ovation.
Elias Canetti - When you write down your life, every page should contain something no one has ever heard about.
Elias Canetti - It doesn't matter how new an idea is: what matters is how new it becomes.
Elias Canetti - As if one could know the good a person is capable of, when one doesn't know the bad he might do.
Elias Canetti - All the things one has forgotten scream for help in dreams.
Elias Canetti - One should not confuse the craving for life with endorsement of it.
Elias Canetti - Rulers who want to unleash war know very well that they must procure or invent a first victim.
Elias Canetti - People's fates are simplified by their names.
Elias Canetti - Most religions do not make men better, only warier.
Elias Canetti - Success listens only to applause. To all else it is deaf.
Elias Canetti - People love as self-recognition what they hate as an accusation.
Eliot Spitzer - Public speaking? I speak to myself on the street!
Eliot Spitzer - I don't care about motivation. I care about credibility.
Eliot Spitzer - I have disappointed and failed to live up to the standard I expected of myself.
Eliot Spitzer - Delay is the enemy of progress.
Eliot Spitzer - Those who are critical of Alliance are the same people who have done nothing for 30 years.
Eliot Spitzer - It's time to let science and medicine, not politics and rhetoric, lead us to good, sound policy.
Eliot Spitzer - Sometimes in politics, you think you've seen it all. Turns out I was wrong.
Eliot Spitzer - I don't like politicians who vacillate.
Eliot Spitzer - In politics you learn to always smile.
Eliot Spitzer - My career was obviously cut shorter than I wanted it to be.
Elisabeth Kubler-Ross - The opinion which other people have of you is their problem, not yours.
Elisabeth Kubler-Ross - We often assume that if we are good people we will not suffer the ills of the world.
Elisabeth Kubler-Ross - The truth does not need to be defended.
Elisabeth Kubler-Ross - I only believe in what I see and hear with my own eyes and ears.
Elisabeth Kubler-Ross - Live, so you do not have to look back and say: 'God, how I have wasted my life.'
Elisabeth Kubler-Ross - The only incontrovertible fact of my work is the importance of life.
Elisabeth Kubler-Ross - Death is not painful. It is the most beautiful experience you will have.
Elisabeth Kubler-Ross - Love is really the only thing we can possess, keep with us, and take with us.
Elisabeth Kubler-Ross - Death is staring too long into the burning sun and the relief of entering a cool, dark room.
Elisabeth Kubler-Ross - Those who learned to know death, rather than to fear and fight it, become our teachers about life.
Eliza Dushku - Go big or go home. Because it's true. What do you have to lose?
Eliza Dushku - There is definitely something sexy about a girl with an attitude and a pair of leather pants.
Eliza Dushku - The letters from jail are always disconcerting.
Eliza Dushku - I'm self-confident and not afraid to speak my mind.
Eliza Dushku - I was raised in Boston by three older brothers and a very strong and empowering single mom.
Eliza Dushku - TV can be a long commitment.
Eliza Dushku - My mom is this liberal, feminist, Mormon powerhouse. I just love her to death.
Eliza Dushku - I'm a more mature actress now.
Eliza Dushku - I don't let guys do hickeys. That's like a dog marking his territory or something.
Eliza Dushku - You know, I really am probably one of the sweetest, most sensitive people you'll ever meet.
Elizabeth Banks - Normally for photo shoots I get a full wax, some tanning, a facial.
Elizabeth Banks - Klutziness is endearing. I like imperfection.
Elizabeth Banks - I like my coffee light.
Elizabeth Banks - I actually think that secrets are just a part of human nature and that everybody should have some.
Elizabeth Banks - I love physical comedy. I love Oscar Wilde, I love Shakespeare comedies, I love improv.
Elizabeth Banks - Every once in a while I play a true idiot, and they're really fun to play.
Elizabeth Banks - Most men I know rely on women to do all the literal dirty work.
Elizabeth Banks - When you live in a leading lady's body, which I do, you have to constantly prove that you are funny.
Elizabeth Banks - The sexism in Hollywood is not particularly overt - because the system is good at hiding it.
Elizabeth Banks - I played softball. I was on an all-star team. I traveled with the team. I loved it.
Elizabeth Barrett Browning - God's gifts put man's best dreams to shame.
Elizabeth Barrett Browning - Light tomorrow with today!
Elizabeth Barrett Browning - Who so loves believes the impossible.
Elizabeth Barrett Browning - How do I love thee? Let me count the ways.
Elizabeth Barrett Browning - And each man stands with his face in the light. Of his own drawn sword, ready to do what a hero can.
Elizabeth Barrett Browning - What I do and what I dream include thee, as the wine must taste of its own grapes.
Elizabeth Barrett Browning - Suddenly, as rare things will, it vanished.
Elizabeth Barrett Browning - Since when was genius found respectable?
Elizabeth Barrett Browning - If thou must love me, let it be for naught except for love's sake only.
Elizabeth Barrett Browning - If you desire faith, then you have faith enough.
Elizabeth Bowen - No object is mysterious. The mystery is your eye.
Elizabeth Bowen - Jealousy is no more than feeling alone against smiling enemies.
Elizabeth Bowen - If you look at life one way, there is always cause for alarm.
Elizabeth Bowen - Autumn arrives in early morning, but spring at the close of a winter day.
Elizabeth Bowen - Fate is not an eagle, it creeps like a rat.
Elizabeth Bowen - Art is one thing that can go on mattering once it has stopped hurting.
Elizabeth Bowen - Nobody speaks the truth when there is something they must have.
Elizabeth Bowen - When you love someone all your saved up wishes start coming out.
Elizabeth Bowen - Intimacies between women often go backwards, beginning in revelations and ending in small talk.
Elizabeth Bowen - We are minor in everything but our passions.
Elizabeth Cady Stanton - We hold these truths to be self-evident: that all men and women are created equal.
Elizabeth Cady Stanton - The best protection any woman can have... is courage.
Elizabeth Cady Stanton - The history of the past is but one long struggle upward to equality.
Elizabeth Cady Stanton - Self-development is a higher duty than self-sacrifice.
Elizabeth Cady Stanton - Nothing strengthens the judgment and quickens the conscience like individual responsibility.
Elizabeth Cady Stanton - The Bible and the Church have been the greatest stumbling blocks in the way of women's emancipation.
Elizabeth Cady Stanton - I am always busy, which is perhaps the chief reason why I am always well.
Elizabeth Cady Stanton - To make laws that man cannot, and will not obey, serves to bring all law into contempt.
Elizabeth Cady Stanton - The heyday of woman's life is the shady side of fifty.
Elizabeth Cady Stanton - Woman's discontent increases in exact proportion to her development.
Elizabeth Edwards - Resilience is accepting your new reality, even if it's less good than the one you had before.
Elizabeth Edwards - You recognize a survivor when you see one. You recognize a fighter when you see one.
Elizabeth Edwards - I don't know why someone else's marriage has anything to do with me.
Elizabeth Edwards - We're all going to die.
Elizabeth Edwards - Maybe we all change over time.
Elizabeth Edwards - Brave people are the firemen who run into the burning building. That's brave.
Elizabeth Edwards - I'm actually one of those people who get up energetic in the morning.
Elizabeth Edwards - I think self-knowledge is the rarest trait in a human being.
Elizabeth Edwards - Honestly, I get energized by the crowds. They feed me emotionally.
Elizabeth Edwards - Life is this great big blackboard, and on it you write all the things that you do.
Elizabeth Esty - We still have work to do in our efforts to advance equal rights for all Americans.
Elizabeth Esty - Our country has been the leading provider of humanitarian aid for refugees.
Elizabeth Esty - We can and must do our part to increase the number of Syrian refugees being resettled in the U.S.
Elizabeth Esty - You are who you are, and in politics, if you stay who you are, you do better.
Elizabeth Esty - You have to believe in something strongly enough that you would lose your seat over it.
Elizabeth Esty - Everyone is able to give to someone.
Elizabeth Esty - We need more access to quality health care, not less.
Elizabeth Esty - Elections are about choices, and part of what you do is draw that contrast.
Elizabeth Esty - I liked New England.
Elizabeth Esty - I'm out and around all the time.
Elizabeth I - Do not tell secrets to those whose faith and silence you have not already tested.
Elizabeth I - God forgive you, but I never can.
Elizabeth I - I do not want a husband who honours me as a queen, if he does not love me as a woman.
Elizabeth I - I have the heart of a man, not a woman, and I am not afraid of anything.
Elizabeth I - A clear and innocent conscience fears nothing.
Elizabeth I - If thy heart fails thee, climb not at all.
Elizabeth I - I would rather be a beggar and single than a queen and married.
Elizabeth I - All my possessions for a moment of time.
Elizabeth I - The past cannot be cured.
Elizabeth I - A fool too late bewares when all the peril is past.
Elizabeth Olsen - I get way too much happiness from good food.
Elizabeth Olsen - I would love to date a chef. I'd probably get really fat, but I don't care.
Elizabeth Olsen - No, I wouldn't want the paparazzi ever following me in my life.
Elizabeth Olsen - I think every day you try to soak up as much as you can to learn and understand things better.
Elizabeth Olsen - 'The Sun Also Rises' by Ernest Hemingway is my favorite book. You feel manly reading it.
Elizabeth Olsen - It's interesting to watch myself with an audience; I'm trying hard to learn from it.
Elizabeth Olsen - The tabloids create their own stories about people's lives that don't exist.
Elizabeth Olsen - I'm the curvy one of the family.
Elizabeth Olsen - I've always loved being a student.
Elizabeth Olsen - I always went to see independent films, they're the movies I'm usually most excited to see.
Elizabeth Taylor - Big girls need big diamonds.
Elizabeth Taylor - I've always admitted that I'm ruled by my passions.
Elizabeth Taylor - When people say, 'She's got everything', I've got one answer - I haven't had tomorrow.
Elizabeth Taylor - You find out who your real friends are when you're involved in a scandal.
Elizabeth Taylor - So much to do, so little done, such things to be.
Elizabeth Taylor - I fell off my pink cloud with a thud.
Elizabeth Taylor - I'm a survivor - a living example of what people can go through and survive.
Elizabeth Taylor - I have a woman's body and a child's emotions.
Elizabeth Taylor - It's not the having, it's the getting.
Elizabeth Taylor - Everything makes me nervous - except making films.
Elizabeth Warren - Truly successful lives are about family.
Elizabeth Warren - Consumer banking - selling debt to middle class families - has been a gold mine.
Elizabeth Warren - We can't go out and tell ourselves we've done good if we haven't.
Elizabeth Warren - I know what I am in Washington to do: I'm here to fight for hardworking families.
Elizabeth Warren - It doesn't make me happy to go back and talk about how great high school was.
Elizabeth Warren - I never sought nor gained personal benefit in school or job applications based on my heritage.
Elizabeth Warren - America's middle class is getting hammered, and Washington is rigged to work for the big guy.
Elizabeth Warren - We cannot run a democracy without a strong middle class.
Elizabeth Warren - Credit cards are like snakes: Handle 'em long enough, and one will bite you.
Elizabeth Warren - I don't want happy-face conclusions. I want the truth.
Elizabeth Wurtzel - I am baffled by men. When they want me, I don't want them; when I want them, they don't want me.
Elizabeth Wurtzel - I am a hopeless, shameless flirt.
Elizabeth Wurtzel - In a strange way, I had fallen in love with my depression.
Elizabeth Wurtzel - In life, single women are the most vulnerable adults. In movies, they are given imaginary power.
Elizabeth Wurtzel - You don't even have to hate to have a perfectly miserable time.
Elizabeth Wurtzel - Everything's plastic, we're all gonna die.
Elizabeth Wurtzel - My life's actually been quite dull; it's not all that glamorous.
Elizabeth Wurtzel - Feminism is a good venue for getting yourself across as much as for getting your point across.
Elizabeth Wurtzel - I'd really like to write a book about Timothy McVeigh, but it would only work if he cooperated.
Elizabeth Wurtzel - Because trying to see all sides, such an instinct is particularly Jewish.
Ella Wheeler Wilcox - A weed is but an unloved flower.
Ella Wheeler Wilcox - To sin by silence, when we should protest, Makes cowards out of men.
Ella Wheeler Wilcox - With every deed you are sowing a seed, though the harvest you may not see.
Ella Wheeler Wilcox - All love that has not friendship for its base, is like a mansion built upon the sand.
Ella Wheeler Wilcox - The truest greatness lies in being kind, the truest wisdom in a happy mind.
Ella Wheeler Wilcox - The spark divine dwells in thee: let it grow.
Ella Wheeler Wilcox - 'Tis the set of the sail that decides the goal, and not the storm of life.
Ella Wheeler Wilcox - Love lights more fires than hate extinguishes, and men grow better as the world grows old.
Ella Wheeler Wilcox - And the smile that is worth the praises of earth is the smile that shines through tears.
Ella Wheeler Wilcox - Let there be many windows to your soul, that all the glory of the world may beautify it.
Ellen Barkin - There is a certain androgyny to my appeal.
Ellen Barkin - I have huge hands and feet. I'm 5'6" and wear a size 10 shoe.
Ellen Barkin - Men who love their mothers treat women wonderfully. And they have enormous respect for women.
Ellen Barkin - Acting is a matter of giving away secrets.
Ellen Barkin - Old is the new sexy.
Ellen Barkin - People tend to remember my performances, not me.
Ellen Barkin - My husband thinks he's compromising if we have one cook instead of three.
Ellen Barkin - A successful marriage isn't necessarily one that lasts until you're dead.
Ellen Barkin - I have skinny genes. My mother weighs 90 pounds.
Ellen Barkin - I would love to do a television show in New York City.
Ellen G. White - The perfection of Christian character depends wholly upon the grace and strength found alone in God.
Ellen G. White - The great moral powers of the soul are faith, hope, and love.
Ellen G. White - Every act, every deed of justice and mercy and benevolence, makes heavenly music in Heaven.
Ellen G. White - If you lose Heaven, you lose everything; if you gain Heaven, you gain everything.
Ellen G. White - The words of Christ are of more worth than the opinions of all the physicians in the universe.
Ellen G. White - God is love, and His law is love. Its two great principles are love to God and love to man.
Ellen G. White - True generosity is too frequently eaten up by prosperity and riches.
Ellen G. White - All our words and acts are passing in review before God.
Ellen G. White - A person whose mind is quiet and satisfied in God is in the pathway to health.
Ellen G. White - God's promises are all on condition of humble obedience.
Ellen Pompeo - Women don't take care of themselves because they take care of everybody else.
Ellen Pompeo - Learning about the way people process information and their emotions is hugely helpful to my work.
Ellen Pompeo - I am who I am, a Southie.
Ellen Pompeo - I want to teach my daughter the importance of exercising and eating healthy as she grows up.
Ellen Pompeo - I don't believe in putting on airs. I call it like I see it.
Ellen Pompeo - Acting can be an amazingly cathartic thing - especially for young girls.
Ellen Pompeo - You can't really judge characters, because that's when it gets really hard to play them.
Ellen Pompeo - I just don't want to be self-obsessed.
Ellen Pompeo - I read a lot of nonfiction - especially books about the brain.
Ellen Pompeo - I went up a pants size during my pregnancy.
Ellie Goulding - I feel more confident if my makeup looks good.
Ellie Goulding - I love pink - pink's my favourite. I hardly ever - weirdly - wear it, but I love the colour pink.
Ellie Goulding - Apparently I'm introspective... levelheaded... but at the same time, absolutely insane.
Ellie Goulding - I'm a bit of a like girly-girl, really, I like flowery stuff.
Ellie Goulding - I used to be obsessed with Pearl Jam, but I love having pink hair and kind of looking like a Barbie.
Ellie Goulding - I can fall in love in a simple way, but I can dissect it in such an intense fashion when it ends.
Ellie Goulding - One of the most powerful feelings in the world is after a really, really long run.
Ellie Goulding - What people don't understand is that how you are as an artist depends on how you are emotionally.
Ellie Goulding - I'm never happy with my face, my hair, I haven't really got any boobs and I'm not really that tall.
Ellie Goulding - Christmas in L.A. is weird. There's no snow. It's not even cold.
Elliott Abrams - America was not founded to improve health care or housing; it was founded for freedom.
Elliott Abrams - The intersection of religion and world politics has often been a bloody crossroads.
Elliott Abrams - At the United Nations, a lynch mob for Israel is always just a moment away.
Elliott Abrams - Honduras was the original 'banana republic,' and its poverty remains extreme.
Elliott Abrams - A Palestinian state will never be created by terror.
Elliott Abrams - The notion that public service requires men and women of good character now seems quaint.
Elliott Abrams - The devastation of the ancient Christian community in Iraq is well known.
Elliott Abrams - When freedom of the press is threatened, the United States should be leading efforts to protect it.
Elliott Abrams - The best-armed and best-trained divisions of the Syrian army are Alawite.
Elliott Abrams - Gadhafi's vicious regime has left Libya far worse than he found it on the day of his coup in 1969.
Elliott Erwitt - Be sure to take the lens cap off before photographing.
Elliott Erwitt - I'll always be an amateur photographer.
Elliott Erwitt - Photography is pretty simple stuff. You just react to what you see, and take many, many pictures.
Elliott Erwitt - A visual sense is something you either have or you don't.
Elliott Erwitt - My 'work' is about seeing not about ideas.
Elliott Erwitt - The advantage of taking pictures of the famous is that they get published.
Elliott Erwitt - If your subjects are eternal... they'll survive.
Elliott Erwitt - Most photographers work best alone, myself included.
Elliott Erwitt - I've been around so long, most editors think I'm dead.
Elliott Erwitt - I like museums in Berlin a lot, especially in the eastern part. They're extraordinarily good.
Elliott Smith - If you play acoustic guitar you're the depressed, sensitive guy.
Elliott Smith - It's a lot easier to tell the truth usually.
Elliott Smith - I was coming off of a lot of psyche meds and other things.
Elliott Smith - But I was also doing odd jobs around Portland, like spreading gravel and transplanting bamboo trees.
Elliott Smith - Because God only knows why people like what they like and don't like something else.
Elliott Smith - I didn't have a hard time making it, I had a hard time letting it go.
Elliott Smith - I was trying to do the same thing that I always do which is make an interesting record.
Elliott Smith - It's just that a lot of songs that are popular right now, they don't have any meaning.
Elliott Smith - And I'm not trying to write heavy songs.
Elliott Smith - I'm just writing songs about how I feel or about how people I know feel.
Ellsworth Kelly - I don't labor over my drawings. I want to get freedom in the line.
Ellsworth Kelly - I always felt that a painted edge between two colors was a depiction somehow.
Ellsworth Kelly - I don't like mixed colors that much, like plum color or deep, deep colors that are hard to define.
Ellsworth Kelly - I've always wanted... I wanted to give people joy.
Ellsworth Kelly - I'm constantly investigating nature - nature, meaning everything.
Ellsworth Kelly - I did not want windows, only skylights. I chose my painting wall as it has the best morning light.
Ellsworth Kelly - I like silence.
Ellsworth Kelly - The negative is just as important as the positive.
Ellsworth Kelly - Time has always been very important in my work.
Ellsworth Kelly - Geometry is moribund. I want a lilt and joy to art.
Elodie Yung - I think acting is a work of imagination.
Elodie Yung - A first love is something that lasts forever in your heart. It's something that marks you.
Elodie Yung - No, I'm not a student of Snake Eyes, but we trained in the same dojo.
Elodie Yung - I'm a black belt in karate. I grew up on the outskirts of Paris, and it was rough.
Elodie Yung - The Asian culture has to be a part of what we see on TV and in movies.
Elodie Yung - I don't see myself as exotic.
Elodie Yung - Marvel's very secretive, and I'm not hiding anything, I'm not lying; it's just the way they are.
Elodie Yung - I didn't want to make a caricature version of Elektra.
Elodie Yung - That's the Elektra I tried to portray: one that's always in the grey. She is a tortured soul.
Elodie Yung - You can't identify 100% with your character.
Elton John - I never thought of myself as being handsome or good-looking or whatever.
Elton John - I have no one to leave the money to. I'm a single man. I like spending my money.
Elton John - I've always wanted to smash a guitar over someone's head. You just can't do that with a piano.
Elton John - Music has healing power. It has the ability to take people out of themselves for a few hours.
Elton John - I'm a very wealthy man.
Elton John - I have a lot of money stashed away, but I do live my life from day to day.
Elton John - I'm very generous.
Elton John - I've only been interested in the artistic side of life.
Elton John - I was more ashamed that I couldn't work the washing machine than the fact that I was taking drugs.
Elton John - I am the most well-known homosexual in the world.
Elvis Costello - I used to be disgusted; now I try to be amused.
Elvis Costello - There's no such thing as an original sin.
Elvis Costello - I find humming is very useful.
Elvis Costello - Sometimes I write notes that I have difficulty singing.
Elvis Costello - Women hear rhythm differently than men.
Elvis Costello - My ultimate vocation in life is to be an irritant.
Elvis Costello - Life for me is about movement.
Elvis Costello - I've worked hard, every single day since I left school. I think I have a Protestant work ethic.
Elvis Costello - Happiness isn't a fortune in a cookie. It's deeper, wider, funnier, and more transporting than that.
Elvis Costello - I've never felt British. I'm just not interested in national identity. I don't know why.
Elvis Mitchell - Performance art is really more of a command than an invitation.
Elvis Mitchell - 'Boat Trip' is more tiresome and dumb than actually bad.
Elvis Mitchell - The Wachowskis' use of space rivals that of musical directors like Gene Kelly and Mark Sandrich.
Elvis Mitchell - Probably the worst thing that ever happened to the movies was the megahit.
Elvis Mitchell - There are storytelling traditions that come from Africa that are unique from anywhere else.
Elvis Mitchell - Just the idea of seeing a type of narrative we've not seen before is a chance to be surprised.
Elvis Mitchell - The kind of filmmaking excitement that director Peter Weir brings to movies is bone deep.
Elvis Mitchell - It is fun to see a comedy in which every single joke hasn't been packed into the trailer.
Elvis Mitchell - Duncan Jones has skills; he's an architect of emotional dislocation.
Elvis Mitchell - Who would ever have thought that Robert Ludlum would have become the father of modern action cinema?
Emeril Lagasse - If you think big, then it's going to be big.
Emeril Lagasse - If you don't follow your dream, who will?
Emeril Lagasse - My favorite Aspen memory is saving an upside-down cake that had exploded from the high altitude.
Emeril Lagasse - My family... always had the value of the family table and these cultural influences of growing up.
Emeril Lagasse - Mom ran the house, so we grew up Portuguese.
Emeril Lagasse - I had these recipes that say do this, do that. Who MAKES these rules?
Emeril Lagasse - If somebody has a chance to put my food in their mouth, that tells the story.
Emeril Lagasse - In the restaurant it's much more serious.
Emeril Lagasse - I think many cooks are afraid of undercooked meats. A good thermometer is a cook's best friend.
Emeril Lagasse - I don't limit myself.
Emile M. Cioran - We are afraid of the enormity of the possible.
Emile M. Cioran - A golden rule: to leave an incomplete image of oneself.
Emile M. Cioran - We understand God by everything in ourselves that is fragmentary, incomplete, and inopportune.
Emile M. Cioran - What would be left of our tragedies if an insect were to present us his?
Emile M. Cioran - Ennui is the echo in us of time tearing itself apart.
Emile M. Cioran - Our first intuitions are the true ones.
Emile M. Cioran - The Universal view melts things into a blur.
Emile M. Cioran - Speech and silence. We feel safer with a madman who talks than with one who cannot open his mouth.
Emile M. Cioran - Philosophy: Impersonal anxiety; refuge among anemic ideas.
Emile M. Cioran - The fear of being deceived is the vulgar version of the quest for Truth.
Emile Zola - If I cannot overwhelm with my quality, I will overwhelm with my quantity.
Emile Zola - If you ask me what I came into this life to do, I will tell you: I came to live out loud.
Emile Zola - The thought is a deed. Of all deeds she fertilizes the world most.
Emile Zola - One forges one's style on the terrible anvil of daily deadlines.
Emile Zola - If you shut up truth, and bury it underground, it will but grow.
Emile Zola - The artist is nothing without the gift, but the gift is nothing without work.
Emile Zola - In my view you cannot claim to have seen something until you have photographed it.
Emile Zola - I am an artist... I am here to live out loud.
Emile Zola - The truth is on the march and nothing will stop it.
Emile Zola - Perfection is such a nuisance that I often regret having cured myself of using tobacco.
Emilia Clarke - I'm really old-fashioned. An Epsom salt bath, that's genuinely better than any massage.
Emilia Clarke - I learned more doing 'Breakfast at Tiffany's' than I did during three years at drama school.
Emilia Clarke - Personally, I'd like as many children as I can pop out, I reckon.
Emilia Clarke - Croatia has been glorious - it's so beautiful, and I want to go back as often as I can.
Emilia Clarke - All of the press and stuff - that's the scary stuff. The acting is what I got trained to do.
Emilia Clarke - My rule is never to look at anything on the Internet.
Emilia Clarke - I came out of my mum's stomach going, 'I want to be an actor!'
Emilia Clarke - I grew up around horses, but acting and riding on camera is a whole different thing.
Emilia Clarke - I'm just a girl who loves mascara.
Emilia Clarke - The '90s were really just bad for fashion and hair.
Emily Ratajkowski - I always say, 'Do you have a body? Then you're swimsuit ready.' That's all you need to worry about.
Emily Ratajkowski - Nudity isn't something people should take offense to.
Emily Ratajkowski - Your body is your body; it's natural. Learn to love yourself for it.
Emily Ratajkowski - When I was a little girl, I loved theater a lot and I was always playing and making my own worlds.
Emily Ratajkowski - I'm more of a Smithwick's or Bulmer's girl than a pint of Guinness.
Emily Ratajkowski - I love men's butts.
Emily Ratajkowski - I don't go out that much - usually it's just dinner.
Emily Ratajkowski - A woman can be seeking attention and also make a statement.They don't need to be mutually exclusive.
Emily Ratajkowski - I genuinely hit puberty before everyone.
Emily Ratajkowski - If you don't feel good in the bathing suit, you're not going to look good.
Emma Goldman - I'd rather have roses on my table than diamonds on my neck.
Emma Goldman - The most violent element in society is ignorance.
Emma Goldman - All claims of education notwithstanding, the pupil will accept only that which his mind craves.
Emma Goldman - Before we can forgive one another, we have to understand one another.
Emma Goldman - If I can't dance, I don't want to be part of your revolution.
Emma Goldman - If voting changed anything, they'd make it illegal.
Emma Goldman - The motto should not be: Forgive one another; rather understand one another.
Emma Goldman - The political arena leaves one no alternative, one must either be a dunce or a rogue.
Emma Goldman - When we can't dream any longer we die.
Emma Goldman - Someone has said that it requires less mental effort to condemn than to think.
Emma Stone - I think women should wear whatever makeup they want for themselves. Makeup should be fun.
Emma Stone - I'm not very computer savvy.
Emma Stone - If I feel strongly about anything, I get overwhelmed with emotion.
Emma Stone - You won't hear me saying I have no body issues because I wouldn't be human if I didn't.
Emma Stone - I've never played someone where I felt it was beneficial to build from the outside in.
Emma Stone - I think there are plenty of soulmates out there. That's what I choose to believe.
Emma Stone - My life is PG-13 sometimes, and I really want Josh Grogan to propose to me, and he just won't do it.
Emma Stone - Just because I don't have a college degree doesn't mean I am not smart!
Emma Stone - I really like grammar. And spelling. I was a spelling-bee kid. I'm hard-core about grammar.
Emma Stone - Drama is hard for me. Crying is much harder for me than laughter.
Emma Watson - I don't want other people to decide who I am. I want to decide that for myself.
Emma Watson - All I can do is follow my instincts, because I'll never please everyone.
Emma Watson - If anyone else played Hermione, it would actually kill me.
Emma Watson - I feel like a voodoo doll. It's grim. It's gross.
Emma Watson - I'm a perfectionist, so my bossiness definitely comes out.
Emma Watson - I really want to write a novel. I also want to learn to play the mandolin.
Emma Watson - My cinematic crush has been pretty much the same since I was 12: Kevin Costner.
Emma Watson - My idea of sexy is that less is more. The less you reveal the more people can wonder.
Emma Watson - I really love animals and enjoy working with them.
Emma Watson - I've got about eight pairs of shoes, and that's it.
Emmanuel Macron - To create greater convergence, we need more intergration.
Emmanuel Macron - We're not isolated from the world. The world knocks on our door.
Emmanuel Macron - If approval was a criterion in this country, nothing would ever get done.
Emmanuel Macron - My key message is be innovative, be ambitious; think global and big on day one.
Emmanuel Macron - The refugee crisis shows we can't be isolated from the world's geopolitical troubles.
Emmanuel Macron - You can block a marriage, but you cannot force a marriage.
Emmanuel Macron - Popularity isn't my compass. Unless it can help one to act, to be understood... that's what counts.
Emmanuel Macron - A Left that does nothing achieves nothing.
Emmanuel Macron - If I was British, I would vote resolutely 'remain' because it's in the U.K.'s interest.
Emmanuel Macron - Without investment, you cannot have jobs.
Emo Philips - A computer once beat me at chess, but it was no match for me at kick boxing.
Emo Philips - My classmates would copulate with anything that moved, but I never saw any reason to limit myself.
Emo Philips - Some mornings, it's just not worth chewing through the leather straps.
Emo Philips - You know what I hate? Indian givers... no, I take that back.
Emo Philips - I discovered my wife in bed with another man, and I was crushed. So I said, 'Get off me, you two!'
Emo Philips - My mother was like a sister to me, only we didn't have sex quite so often.
Emo Philips - How many people here have telekenetic powers? Raise my hand.
Emo Philips - I once had a large gay following, but I ducked into an alleyway and lost him.
Emo Philips - I was sleeping the other night, alone, thanks to the exterminator.
Emo Philips - Well, my brother says Hello. So, hooray for speech therapy.
Enda Kenny - Emigration is always a difficulty.
Enda Kenny - The best recording is the one you bring with you in your mind.
Enda Kenny - Irish people are pragmatic. They understand that nobody is going to fix our problems but ourselves.
Enda Kenny - My wife, Fionnuala, and I have been married for more than 20 years.
Enda Kenny - One of the key drivers of Ireland's future is our balance of trade surplus.
Enda Kenny - We have a very long legal system with the European Union, and we're English speaking.
Enda Kenny - People put dates on any kind of comment that you make.
Enda Kenny - Conservation is important... water comes at a cost.
Enda Kenny - I intend to serve a full term as Taoiseach.
Enda Kenny - I would never accuse the Irish people of being in any way stupid.
Enrique Pena Nieto - Behind every crime is a story of sadness.
Enrique Pena Nieto - I see myself as a family man.
Enrique Pena Nieto - Whenever there are some who have more opportunities than others, this feeds corruption.
Enrique Pena Nieto - Education reform has as its main purpose to make sure that the education delivered is of quality.
Enrique Pena Nieto - Mexico is a mosaic of different realities and beauties.
Enrique Pena Nieto - I believe the conditions are very favorable for Mexico to grow. I'm very optimistic.
Enrique Pena Nieto - I believe the state needs to control hydrocarbons.
Enrique Pena Nieto - There is no doubt a president has to govern for everyone.
Enrique Pena Nieto - The state is obliged to fight corruption within the government.
Enrique Pena Nieto - Ah, 'The Departed' is really good.
Epicurus - The art of living well and the art of dying well are one.
Epicurus - It is not so much our friends' help that helps us, as the confidence of their help.
Epicurus - If thou wilt make a man happy, add not unto his riches but take away from his desires.
Epicurus - It is folly for a man to pray to the gods for that which he has the power to obtain by himself.
Epicurus - Nothing is enough for the man to whom enough is too little.
Epicurus - Not what we have But what we enjoy, constitutes our abundance.
Epicurus - The misfortune of the wise is better than the prosperity of the fool.
Epicurus - Justice... is a kind of compact not to harm or be harmed.
Epicurus - There is no such thing as justice in the abstract; it is merely a compact between men.
Epicurus - We do not so much need the help of our friends as the confidence of their help in need.
Eric Bana - I'm very much a bit of a ghost presence.
Eric Bana - I think luck gets you on to the stage. But it has nothing to do with keeping you there.
Eric Bana - My chosen exercise is cycling. I just love it.
Eric Bana - I'm always reading and looking around for the next thing.
Eric Bana - I guess subconsciously that all the great people you work with have an influence on you.
Eric Bana - I think I wasted a lot of my youth, falling for girls who were a couple of years older than me.
Eric Bana - I would never say never to returning to comedy.
Eric Bana - I've given no thought to moving to America at all.
Eric Bana - I deliberately fly in and out of LA for as small a time as humanly possible.
Eric Bana - I didn't study Greek mythology in school and I wish I had.
Eric Cantona - He who has regrets cannot look at himself in the mirror.
Eric Cantona - My best moment? I have a lot of good moments but the one I prefer is when I kicked the hooligan.
Eric Cantona - When the seagulls follow the trawler, it is because they think sardines will be thrown into the sea.
Eric Cantona - If someone is too perfect they won't look good. Imperfection is important.
Eric Cantona - I don't take life so seriously... I can just play with life.
Eric Cantona - I think I have a sense of mischief and that I can laugh at myself.
Eric Cantona - Even as a footballer, I was always being creative.
Eric Cantona - I didn't study; I live.
Eric Cantona - I prefer to play and lose rather than win, because I know in advance I'm going to win.
Eric Cantona - I try to find different ways of expressing myself. Without that I will die.
Eric Clapton - I am, and always will be, a blues guitarist.
Eric Clapton - I like solitude. I like the anomalous life. I like a quiet life.
Eric Clapton - I don't have half the nerves there that I have anywhere else.
Eric Clapton - I'd love to knock an audience cold with one note, but what do you do for the rest of the evening?
Eric Clapton - One of the most beneficial things I've ever learned is how to keep my mouth shut.
Eric Clapton - Risk is trying to control something you are powerless over.
Eric Clapton - I don't know if I believe in luck. I think I'm very fortunate.
Eric Clapton - An obsession is where something will not leave your mind.
Eric Clapton - Well, I think part of my gift, or if I have one, is that I love listening.
Eric Clapton - Music became a healer for me.
Eric Hoffer - Children are the keys of paradise.
Eric Hoffer - Propaganda does not deceive people; it merely helps them to deceive themselves.
Eric Hoffer - The hardest arithmetic to master is that which enables us to count our blessings.
Eric Hoffer - The only way to predict the future is to have power to shape the future.
Eric Hoffer - Far more crucial than what we know or do not know is what we do not want to know.
Eric Hoffer - You can discover what your enemy fears most by observing the means he uses to frighten you.
Eric Hoffer - People who bite the hand that feeds them usually lick the boot that kicks them.
Eric Hoffer - We feel free when we escape - even if it be but from the frying pan to the fire.
Eric Hoffer - It is easier to love humanity as a whole than to love one's neighbor.
Eric Hoffer - Rudeness is a weak imitation of strength.
Eric Holder - We are not programmed to bury our kids.
Eric Holder - You keep your eyes on the prize, you try to do what's right, and eventually, you'll reach your goal.
Eric Holder - I don't have any intention of resigning.
Eric Holder - You constantly hear about voter fraud... but you don't see huge amounts of vote fraud out there.
Eric Holder - It pains me whenever there's the death of a law enforcement official.
Eric Holder - I'm a hard headed lawyer.
Eric Holder - Any attorney general who is not an activist is not doing his or her job.
Eric Holder - I think there are too many people in jail for too long and for not necessarily good reasons.
Eric Holder - History simmers beneath the surface in more communities than just Ferguson.
Eric Holder - The Constitution guarantees due process, not judicial process.
Eric Idle - I love my family, my wife, my kids, my dogs, my home, my life. I am a very happy and contented man.
Eric Idle - You look just like you!
Eric Idle - Life is a comedy when watching and a tragedy when experiencing. I try and share anything I have.
Eric Idle - The dreadful thing about getting older is you cry at the drop of a hat.
Eric Idle - No day of my life passes without someone saying the words 'Monty Python' to me. It's not bad.
Eric Idle - It's such fun to take a lot of people and create something silly.
Eric Idle - People can tell the truth much more freely when they're apparently lying.
Eric Idle - I've always found bad films more enjoyable than good ones.
Eric Idle - If the studios paid the artists, how would they ever be able to afford the executives?
Eric Idle - The Minister of Transport issued this appeal to motorists: Can anyone give him a lift to Leicester?
Eric Ripert - It took me all my life to learn how to salt a tomato.
Eric Ripert - I just find the world very exciting and beautiful everywhere.
Eric Ripert - I'm fascinated by Japanese cuisine.
Eric Ripert - I don't like it when I go to a restaurant and I'm lectured from the menu.
Eric Ripert - The Cheesecake Factory's not that bad.
Eric Ripert - Chefs are leaders in their own little world.
Eric Ripert - I like working in silence.
Eric Ripert - One thing I don't like is complaints.
Eric Ripert - I am convinced that if you serve great value, people will come to you.
Eric Ripert - I'm very inspired by other cultures and very often use what I perceive to be exotic ingredients.
Eric Schlosser - As a matter of fact, most cases of food poisoning are never linked back to their source.
Eric Schlosser - I really like hamburgers and French fries, and I don't consider myself some kind of gourmand.
Eric Schlosser - Hey, I used to eat at McDonald's: I liked the taste of the food, especially the French fries.
Eric Schlosser - Yes, a cheeseburger and fries is probably my favourite meal. But I don't eat ground beef anymore.
Eric Schlosser - I've been called communist, socialist, anti-American.
Eric Schlosser - I aimed at the public's heart, and by accident I hit it in the stomach.
Eric Schlosser - I never consciously set out to model myself after Upton Sinclair.
Eric Schlosser - Journalists aren't supposed to be cheerleaders.
Eric Schlosser - If you eat, you should be concerned about the people who are providing you with food.
Eric Schlosser - I hadn't planned on being an activist.
Eric Schmidt - The Internet is really about highly specialized information, highly specialized targeting.
Eric Schmidt - We want to make sure the thing you're looking for is on Google 100 percent of the time.
Eric Schmidt - Fast learners win.
Eric Schmidt - The computing world is very good at things that we are not. It is very good at memory.
Eric Schmidt - People are good at intuition, living our lives. What are computers good at? Memory.
Eric Schmidt - In general in technology, if you own a platform that's valuable, you can monetize it.
Eric Schmidt - There's nothing that cannot be found through some search engine or on the Internet somewhere.
Eric Schmidt - Google is very much a not-invented-here, build-it-ourselves culture.
Eric Schmidt - You have to fight for your privacy or you lose it.
Eric Schmidt - Amazon has well passed any expectations of its ability to change distribution and marketing.
Eric Schneiderman - Gambling is entertainment. People go to casinos to be entertained.
Eric Schneiderman - Prosecutors are all used to people who commit fraud making wild accusations when they're caught.
Eric Schneiderman - Organizing gives workers the power to lift themselves out of poverty and build a better future.
Eric Schneiderman - My job is to enforce the law, without fear or favor.
Eric Schneiderman - Daily fantasy sports is much closer to online poker than it is to traditional fantasy sports.
Eric Schneiderman - Manufacturers must accept responsibility for their customers' safety.
Eric Schneiderman - Unions go hand-in-hand with a strong middle class.
Eric Schneiderman - There's nothing wrong with advocating for your own company.
Eric Schneiderman - Prosecutors are all used to persons who commit fraud making wild accusations when they're caught.
Eric Schneiderman - High-frequency traders are firms all around the world. They're massive investments.
Erica Jong - And the trouble is, if you don't risk anything, you risk even more.
Erica Jong - Advice is what we ask for when we already know the answer but wish we didn't.
Erica Jong - Take your life in your own hands, and what happens? A terrible thing: no one to blame.
Erica Jong - Show me a woman who doesn't feel guilty and I'll show you a man.
Erica Jong - It is the city of mirrors, the city of mirages, at once solid and liquid, at once air and stone.
Erica Jong - Jealousy is all the fun you think they had.
Erica Jong - Solitude is un-American.
Erica Jong - You take your life in your own hands, and what happens? A terrible thing: no one to blame.
Erica Jong - You see a lot of smart guys with dumb women, but you hardly ever see a smart woman with a dumb guy.
Erica Jong - Ambivalence is a wonderful tune to dance to. It has a rhythm all its own.
Erich Fromm - Mother's love is peace. It need not be acquired, it need not be deserved.
Erich Fromm - If I am what I have and if I lose what I have who then am I?
Erich Fromm - The task we must set for ourselves is not to feel secure, but to be able to tolerate insecurity.
Erich Fromm - One cannot be deeply responsive to the world without being saddened very often.
Erich Fromm - Creativity requires the courage to let go of certainties.
Erich Fromm - As we ascend the social ladder, viciousness wears a thicker mask.
Erich Fromm - The only truly affluent are those who do not want more than they have.
Erich Fromm - Love is the only sane and satisfactory answer to the problem of human existence.
Erich Fromm - There is only one meaning of life: the act of living itself.
Erich Fromm - Sanity is only that which is within the frame of reference of conventional thought.
Erik Erikson - The more you know yourself, the more patience you have for what you see in others.
Erik Erikson - We are what we love.
Erik Erikson - I am what survives of me.
Erik Erikson - You've got to learn to accept the law of life, and face the fact that we disintegrate slowly.
Erik Erikson - Doubt is the brother of shame.
Erik Erikson - A man's conflicts represent what he 'really' is.
Erik Erikson - The psychoanalytic method is essentially a historical method.
Erik Erikson - The way you 'take history' is also a way of 'making history.'
Erik Erikson - Healthy children will not fear life if their elders have integrity enough not to fear death.
Erik Erikson - We cannot leave history entirely to nonclinical observers and to professional historians.
Erika Christensen - Work hard; be ethical.
Erika Christensen - I'm not straight up and down. I have curves.
Erika Christensen - It was when I met everybody on 'The Perfect Score' that, like, nightclubs became a thing.
Erika Christensen - There are photos of me with my Pony trucker hat, sideways. Truly, awesomely, horrible.
Erika Christensen - I've always been a good flier. I love the whole experience.
Erika Christensen - I'm more proud of my upper body. Let's just say I'm a typical female in that way.
Erika Christensen - I'm a goody two-shoes who's never taken anything stronger than Tylenol.
Erika Christensen - My buddy lost about 100 pounds cycling. He took me on a 31-mile loop. I was hooked.
Erika Christensen - Having convenience when it comes to fueling your body is definitely an important thing.
Erika Christensen - There are nearly 7 billion people on this planet, so there are a lot of characters to play.
Erin Heatherton - Sexiness is all about your personality, being genuine and confident, and being a good person.
Erin Heatherton - If you work hard and you do your best, you can do anything.
Erin Heatherton - My style is simple, kinda girly, but with a bit of an edge.
Erin Heatherton - I always stay active, even if I'm on vacation.
Erin Heatherton - The most important thing for staying in shape is having fun with your workouts.
Erin Heatherton - I like to work hard and see the results of my hard work.
Erin Heatherton - There is just something about starting your day with something luxurious like a bath.
Erin Heatherton - Love yourself no matter what!
Erin Heatherton - Rudeness, I think, is the worst.
Erin Heatherton - I have way too many candles. There's always a candle burning at home.
Erin O'Connor - I take my mentoring responsibilities very seriously.
Erin O'Connor - I'm like a tourist when I'm in London.
Erin O'Connor - I've enjoyed many camping holidays with my sister and her children, but we're pretty posh campers.
Erin O'Connor - I am selective. If I do splash out, it's an investment, and I wear things for years.
Erin O'Connor - It makes me cross when I hear people say, 'It's so last season.' I always say, 'It's vintage.'
Erin O'Connor - It's like recycling: selling old clothes to help make new ones.
Erin O'Connor - I lead a very busy life and don't have a lot of time, so my skincare needs to be easy and portable.
Erin O'Connor - Winter is my favourite season.
Erin O'Connor - In my career, which has been fairly two-dimensional, people make decisions based on your persona.
Erin O'Connor - As a model, part of my job is to be critiqued physically.
Ernie Harwell - I think God always has the best for us.
Ernie Harwell - In radio, they say, nothing happens until the announcer says it happens.
Ernie Harwell - I look on life as a joyous adventure.
Ernie Harwell - I've been lucky to broadcast some great events and to broadcast the exploits of some great players.
Ernie Harwell - In my almost 92 years on this earth, the good Lord has blessed me with a great journey.
Ernie Harwell - A tall, thin old man waving a scorecard from the corner of his dugout. That's baseball.
Ernie Harwell - God blessed me by putting me here for thirty-one years at Michigan and Trumbull.
Ernie Harwell - I'd like to be remembered as someone who showed up for the job. I consider myself a worker.
Ernie Harwell - I have a great faith in God and Jesus.
Ernie Harwell - Whatever happens, I'm ready to face it.
Erno Rubik - We turn the Cube and it twists us.
Erno Rubik - It was tremendously satisfying to watch this color parade.
Erno Rubik - Now, after the Cube, I still don't have any plans to make anything like it.
Erno Rubik - I wanted nothing else than to make the object as perfect as possible.
Erno Rubik - I've always been passionate about geometry and the study of three-dimensional forms.
Erno Rubik - I do not truly consider myself an icon, but the Cube has been quite successful.
Erno Rubik - The Cube is an imitation of life itself - or even an improvement on life.
Erno Rubik - Our whole life is solving puzzles.
Erno Rubik - Usually we are saying only part of the truth.
Erno Rubik - I was somewhat out of place among my classmates; I could not be as bohemian as they were.
Erykah Badu - I love putting the music together. It's like art.
Erykah Badu - I'm not satisfied with the explanations I get from tv or from school.
Erykah Badu - I don't read music or anything, so when I produce, I go basically by ear.
Erykah Badu - I planned my success. I knew it was going to happen.
Erykah Badu - Man, I don't want to have nothing to do with computers. I don't want the government in my business.
Erykah Badu - The music business is motivated by money. Music is motivated by energy and feelings.
Erykah Badu - Being honest is my job. That's what music is for me.
Erykah Badu - Honey isn't really that good for you.
Erykah Badu - I'm a performance artist first; I'm a recording artist second.
Erykah Badu - I'm a Pisces, so I'm a very closed-book kind of person.
Estelle - I come from a family of well-endowed booty women.
Estelle - You can't please everybody. I give up. I'm not trying to. I don't care. Leave me alone with that.
Estelle - My mom, for all intents and purposes, was a single parent.
Estelle - I'm never scared to ask a question or state the obvious, y'know.
Estelle - If you cannot smile when you listen to music, then do not listen to it!
Estelle - No one goes straight to happiness after a breakup.
Estelle - Walking round the Champs-Elysees late at night is the greatest time.
Estelle - I try not to judge because I've been judged a heck of a lot, and it don't feel nice.
Estelle - I believe in illusion - I don't believe in magic.
Estelle - Adele ain't soul.
Esther Williams - What the public expects and what is healthy for an individual are two very different things.
Esther Williams - The wisdom acquired with the passage of time is a useless gift unless you share it.
Esther Williams - We can't all win Olympic medals. Even I never won one.
Esther Williams - I took my daily swim at the Beverly Hills Hotel pool despite the presence of onlookers.
Esther Williams - Clark Gable was the first to have called me a mermaid.
Esther Williams - I was all in gold sequins for Million Dollar Mermaid, 50 feet in the air.
Esther Williams - Which Esther Williams do you want to hear about?
Esther Williams - Critics established a snobbery toward me.
Esther Williams - I gave my eardrums to MGM. And it's true: I really did.
Esther Williams - Widowhood had done nothing to curb my smart mouth. So much for diplomacy.
Ethan Canin - I like writing about the evil lurking in apparently good people.
Ethan Canin - I like to write about the moment of light in the hour of darkness.
Ethan Canin - Medicine ended up being the best thing I ever did for my writing.
Ethan Canin - There's a beauty to math. Math is so simple. It's just one step after the next.
Ethan Canin - I'm fascinated by power, by those that can be publicly generous and privately ruthless.
Ethan Canin - Medicine is a supremely useful profession. Fiction writing is not.
Ethan Canin - I don't want to be movie-star famous. I want to move people with my writing.
Ethan Canin - I have a very bad memory. I can't remember my own life very well.
Ethan Canin - No one knows why books do well.
Ethan Canin - It's nice when critics say 'Emperor of the Air' is an important book of stories.
Ethel Merman - Everything's coming up roses - for me.
Ethel Merman - You gotta have a gimmick.
Ethel Merman - When you are in deep conflict about something, sometimes the most trivial thing can tip the scales.
Ethel Merman - Eisenhower was my war hero and the President I admire and respect most.
Ethel Merman - At a flea market I always head for the junk jewelry table first.
Ethel Merman - I can hold a note as long as the Chase National Bank.
Ethel Merman - Broadway has been very good to me. But then, I've been very good to broadway.
Ethel Merman - There's such a thing as theater discipline. One player doesn't appropriate another's inventions.
Ethel Merman - Of my four marriages, the one to Bob Levitt is the only one I don't regret.
Ethel Merman - Music, in the past few years... anything singable or understandable is square.
Etta James - The only time that I am really truly happy - when I feel at my best - is when I'm on the stage.
Etta James - I don't care who's playing. Even if it's my favorite artist, I'm probably not gonna go and see him.
Etta James - But even so, I still get nervous before I go onstage.
Etta James - Now I can stand up on the stage again like I used to after five years of sitting down while I sang.
Etta James - I sing the songs that people need to hear.
Etta James - It feels so good to be happy.
Etta James - I took back my life.
Etta James - I was a sloppy kid, wanted to be just wild.
Etta James - My mother used to play nothing but Billie Holiday.
Etta James - I'm not starry eyed, and I'm not money crazy.
Eva Gabor - Love is a game that two can play and both win.
Eva Gabor - Marriage is too interesting an experiment to be tried only once.
Eva Gabor - My co-workers expect me to be late and temperamental.
Eva Gabor - The only thing you have to know are your words.
Eva Gabor - I should have been smart enough to stay happy. But my ambition ruled my life.
Eva Gabor - I love the fast lane.
Eva Gabor - After all the work I've done, why should I suddenly be treated as a bona fide actress?
Eva Gabor - There was no way I could live in Hollywood and not become an actress.
Eva Gabor - Most people don't need to work as hard as I do.
Eva Gabor - I've always known I would be a success, but I was surprised at the way it came.
Evan Bayh - Sometimes making progress a step at a time is better than no progress at all.
Evan Bayh - Sometimes you have to make tough decisions to hold the line on spending.
Evan Bayh - Hoosiers are very independent.
Evan Bayh - What matters is moving forward and focusing on practical results for the American people.
Evan Bayh - We know that a college degree is rapidly becoming the price of admission to the global economy.
Evan Bayh - The United States depends on South Korea and Japan to help promote American values in East Asia.
Evan Bayh - I intend to continue to fight for the things I think are right for my country.
Evan Bayh - The most important area for spending restraint is entitlement reform.
Evan Bayh - Families and businesses are tightening their belts to make ends meet - and Washington should too.
Evan Bayh - Bob Corker's a very reasonable person.
Evan Osnos - Living abroad has heightened my interest in how foreigners regard the strange places we encounter.
Evan Osnos - To Confucius, harmony was consensus, not conformity. It required loyal opposition.
Evan Osnos - Valuing the road over the goal was a Taoist goal in itself.
Evan Osnos - Fact-checking can wreak havoc on Chinese political mythology.
Evan Osnos - Being in a Chinese coal mine for 30 years is like an epic novel. It's tragic.
Evan Osnos - Beijing has a glut of charming and traditional or brash and luxurious places to stay.
Evan Osnos - I've been amazed at how fast and herd-like opinions in the United States are.
Evan Osnos - I can tell you, going out to buy toilet paper in the U.S. is a completely predictable experience.
Evan Osnos - I spent years overseas. I spent 11 years abroad.
Evan Osnos - The United States, of course, in the late 19th century was extraordinarily corrupt.
Evan Spiegel - There is real value in sharing moments that don't live forever.
Evan Spiegel - More people are watching college football on Snapchat than they are on television.
Evan Spiegel - It's important to be thoughtful and mindful about the things you say to other people.
Evan Spiegel - I am a young, white, educated male. I got really, really lucky. And life isn't fair.
Evan Spiegel - I'd like to create a space for people who have a lot of talent but not a lot of reach.
Evan Spiegel - If I had a ringtone, it would probably be Neil Diamond.
Evan Spiegel - I keep hearing about battery innovation, but it never makes it to my phone.
Evan Spiegel - Cars bring me sheer joy.
Evan Spiegel - It's not about working harder; it's about working the system.
Evan Spiegel - Ephemeral should be the default.
Evangeline Lilly - Your mind and soul are the kings of your physique way more than any exercise you do.
Evangeline Lilly - I'm allergic to Hawaii. Everything there makes me react in some way.
Evangeline Lilly - In your 20s you can be pretty, but you don't accomplish real beauty until you find wisdom and depth.
Evangeline Lilly - I do feel like I'm at ease in my own skin when I find an androgynous balance.
Evangeline Lilly - I just like short hair on women; I think it's cool.
Evangeline Lilly - I am a classy dame.
Evangeline Lilly - Every woman is after a kind of classy image.
Evangeline Lilly - Life is all about embracing each moment that is given to you.
Evangeline Lilly - The world is full of opportunities, and I want to try as many as I possibly can.
Evangeline Lilly - I definitely come down on the spiritual side. I think very few things in life happen by chance.
Evel Knievel - I love the feeling of the fresh air on my face and the wind blowing through my hair.
Evel Knievel - I decided to fly through the air and live in the sunlight and enjoy life as much as I could.
Evel Knievel - Anybody can jump a motorcycle. The trouble begins when you try to land it.
Evel Knievel - If you don't know about pain and trouble, you're in sad shape. They make you appreciate life.
Evel Knievel - All my life people have been waiting around to watch me die.
Evel Knievel - But you come to a point in your life when you can't pull the trigger anymore.
Evel Knievel - Harley-Davidson is the finest company in the world.
Evel Knievel - I am a lucky, lucky person.
Evel Knievel - I did everything by the seat of my pants. That's why I got hurt so much.
Evel Knievel - I've been in a treatment center for drinkin'. I stayed for two days, then escaped.
Evelyn Waugh - Punctuality is the virtue of the bored.
Evelyn Waugh - Perhaps host and guest is really the happiest relation for father and son.
Evelyn Waugh - When we argue for our limitations, we get to keep them.
Evelyn Waugh - Your actions, and your action alone, determines your worth.
Evelyn Waugh - One forgets words as one forgets names. One's vocabulary needs constant fertilizing or it will die.
Evelyn Waugh - In the dying world I come from, quotation is a national vice.
Evelyn Waugh - We cherish our friends not for their ability to amuse us, but for ours to amuse them.
Evelyn Waugh - I think to be oversensitive about cliches is like being oversensitive about table manners.
Evelyn Waugh - Art is the symbol of the two noblest human efforts: to construct and to refrain from destruction.
Evelyn Waugh - Other nations use 'force'; we Britons alone use 'Might'.
Evgeny Morozov - Cloud computing is a great euphemism for centralization of computer services under one server.
Evgeny Morozov - This marketization of personal information is a big mistake.
Evgeny Morozov - The Internet has made it much more effective and cheaper to spread propaganda.
Evgeny Morozov - Technology changes all the time; human nature, hardly ever.
Evgeny Morozov - You know, anyone who wears glasses, in one sense or another, is a cyborg.
Evgeny Morozov - Search without Google is like social networking without Facebook: unimaginable.
Evgeny Morozov - I'm rarely invited to start-up parties, but who cares about their trinkets and apps anyway?
Evgeny Morozov - The Internet can empower groups whose aims are in fact antithetical to democracy.
Evgeny Morozov - Dictators aren't stupid, or regimes could be toppled easily by young people mobilizing on Facebook.
Evgeny Morozov - Revolution may not be pro-Western or democratic.
Evita Peron - I know that, like every woman of the people, I have more strength than I appear to have.
Evita Peron - I demanded more rights for women because I know what women had to put up with.
Evita Peron - I am only a sparrow amongst a great flock of sparrows.
Evita Peron - My biggest fear in life is to be forgotten.
Evita Peron - Answer violence with violence. If one of us falls today, five of them must fall tomorrow.
Evita Peron - I am my own woman.
Evita Peron - I will come again, and I will be millions.
Evita Peron - I am only a simple woman who lives to serve Peron and my people.
Evita Peron - Shadows cannot see themselves in the mirror of the sun.
Evita Peron - To convince oneself that one has the right to live decently takes time.
Evo Morales - I am not accustomed to protocol.
Evo Morales - I don't mind being a permanent nightmare for the United States.
Evo Morales - The new republic should be based on diversity, respect and equal rights for all.
Evo Morales - I don't debate with liars.
Evo Morales - The way I see it, it's impossible to change things without encountering resistance.
Evo Morales - Capitalism is the worst friend of humanity.
Evo Morales - Vaca Diez, do not destroy our country!
Evo Morales - I want to stress that at no time Bolivia acts untimely or irresponsibly.
Evo Morales - Bolivia is a majority indigenous nation, but that majority has always been excluded.
Evo Morales - I'm just the democratic voice of Bolivia.
Ezekiel Elliott - I'm not going to change; I'm going to keep grinding. I'm going to do all I can to win.
Ezekiel Elliott - It's always great to get more reps.
Ezekiel Elliott - I'm a guy that can play three downs. You don't have to take me off the field. I value blocking.
Ezekiel Elliott - I obviously love to run the ball.
Ezekiel Elliott - Trust your landmark and run through the smoke. It's going to open up eventually.
Ezekiel Elliott - Nobody's expectations are going to be more than mine.
Ezekiel Elliott - We've talked before what is important is week in, week out, getting wins and getting better.
Ezekiel Elliott - The best way to learn is getting out there, getting reps, and making mistakes.
Ezekiel Elliott - I hate to lose more than I love winning, and I'm coming to Dallas to win a Super Bowl.
Ezekiel Elliott - The NCAA has its rules. It's our job to abide by them.
Ezra Miller - I wouldn't want to lose out on my macho action movie just because I told people I was queer.
Ezra Miller - I have a lot of really wonderful friends who are of very different sexes and genders.
Ezra Miller - I am very much in love with no one in particular.
Ezra Miller - I think everybody's crazy, and if I'm the one being a little direct about it, that's fine by me.
Ezra Miller - Life is a grand party.
Ezra Miller - I'd like to make as much art as I possibly can before I die, so I'm working on a few things.
Ezra Miller - I was a weird animal in high school, doing no work and getting straight A's.
Ezra Miller - I'm from the dirty depths of New Jersey.
Ezra Miller - Artists walk alone.
Ezra Miller - I think I enjoy playing human beings no matter the substance of their character.
Ezra Pound - No man understands a deep book until he has seen and lived at least part of its contents.
Ezra Pound - All great art is born of the metropolis.
Ezra Pound - Either move or be moved.
Ezra Pound - The image is more than an idea. It is a vortex or cluster of fused ideas and is endowed with energy.
Ezra Pound - Literature is news that stays news.
Ezra Pound - A slave is one who waits for someone to come and free him.
Ezra Pound - Genius... is the capacity to see ten things where the ordinary man sees one.
Ezra Pound - I could I trust starve like a gentleman. It's listed as part of the poetic training, you know.
Ezra Pound - A man of genius has a right to any mode of expression.
Ezra Pound - I guess the definition of a lunatic is a man surrounded by them.
Ezra Taft Benson - The great commandment of life is to love the Lord.
Ezra Taft Benson - Faithful attendance at Church meetings brings blessings you can receive in no other way.
Ezra Taft Benson - Periodic fasting can help clear up the mind and strengthen the body and the spirit.
Ezra Taft Benson - The great test of life is obedience to God.
Ezra Taft Benson - The United States of America has been great because it has been free.
Ezra Taft Benson - Pride is ugly. It says, 'If you succeed, I am a failure.'
Ezra Taft Benson - A positive self-image has little relationship to our material circumstances.
Ezra Taft Benson - Some of the greatest battles will be fought within the silent chambers of your own soul.
Ezra Taft Benson - Bad experience is a school that only fools keep going to.
Ezra Taft Benson - The great task of life is to learn the will of the Lord and then do it.
Eric Butterworth - Don't go through life, grow through life.
Eric Butterworth - I am not what I think. I am thinking what I think.
Eric Butterworth - Fundamentalists believe Jesus was God becoming man. I believe that Jesus was man becoming God.
Eric Butterworth - One of the best things to do sometimes is simply to be.
Eric Butterworth - The one thing that a fish can never find is water; and the one thing that man can never find is God.
Eric Butterworth - We don't change what we are, we change what we think what we are.
Eric Butterworth - Where you are in consciousness has everything to do with what you see in experience.
Eric Butterworth - Our job is not to set things right but to see them right.
Eric Butterworth - Your fortune is not something to find but to unfold.
Eric Butterworth - God can only do for you what He can do through you.
Erica Durance - We all need to make time for a burger once in a while.
Erica Durance - Well, I love TV, and I love a good script.
Erica Durance - I'm learning to embrace who I am and what I look like.
Erica Durance - It's easier to shut yourself off outside than reveal your inner thoughts.
Erica Durance - I'm a small-town girl, and it'll never be beaten out of me.
Erica Durance - I look forward to change, but there is a part of me that absolutely dreads it.
Erica Durance - I'm a bit of a workaholic.
Erica Durance - 'Smallville' was my first love and it is always close to my heart.
Erica Durance - I might do my own independent film, that my husband wrote for me, if all the ducks are in a row.
Erica Durance - I'm pretty klutzy and I've always been, so I have to own up to it. It's part of my charm!
F. Murray Abraham - I just throw it out and see what happens. If it sounds and feels right, then I continue.
F. Murray Abraham - I think creativity is spiritual. I absolutely believe that.
F. Murray Abraham - I'm not going to just say nice things about everybody unless I mean it.
F. Murray Abraham - The difficulty is capturing surprise on film.
F. Murray Abraham - Once I looked into a mirror at my face I felt like it was completely convincing. I was Salieri.
F. Murray Abraham - I love parties. I love a good time.
F. Murray Abraham - I really like to experiment. That's the only way I can work. It's instinctive.
F. Murray Abraham - I have two brothers buried in the military cemetery in Texas. I don't want to see any more of that.
F. Murray Abraham - I acted my heart out.
F. Murray Abraham - I'm a very proud actor.
F. Sionil Jose - When I wake up every morning, I thank God for the new day.
F. Sionil Jose - My reading of philosophy and history is desultory; I know so much and yet so little.
F. Sionil Jose - I am for poetry that is admired by peasant and aristocrat alike.
F. Sionil Jose - Ninoy Aquino was a friend; I knew his faults, which were outweighed by his virtues.
F. Sionil Jose - Of course, we are all egoists. Egoism is so much a part of our humanity.
F. Sionil Jose - I regret that I have not written more, shouted louder, and acted out my beliefs.
F. Sionil Jose - What is needed in the theater, in fact for all our art forms, is a vibrant critical tradition.
F. Sionil Jose - Contemplation is a luxury of the middle class, the very rich.
F. Sionil Jose - I do not want to be bored listening to music that is muffled and known only to the poet himself.
F. Sionil Jose - In the end, religion teaches us to value truth, justice and freedom.
Faith Hill - When I wake up in a bad mood, I try not to stay in one. Learn to make the best of what you have.
Faith Hill - I'm such a happy, easygoing person.
Faith Hill - My family and my friends are most important to me. These people are my foundation.
Faith Hill - I'm a very independent woman.
Faith Hill - Reba is very, very close to everyone around her. She's a classy lady.
Faith Hill - I don't let things go unless I'm ready for them to go.
Faith Hill - It's not complicated to embrace life. You just have to make the choice.
Faith Hill - A little bit of stage fright, then I'm ready.
Faith Hill - I've always defended Shania. She not only opened doors; she knocked several down.
Faith Hill - The foundation of family - that's where it all begins for me.
Famke Janssen - I'm intrigued by the dark. Out of darkness comes creation.
Famke Janssen - Robert De Niro... It seemed like a pretty cool thing to do to put his name on my resume next.
Famke Janssen - I don't watch TV.
Famke Janssen - The Dutch are a very practical people.
Famke Janssen - I am attracted to the dark side of life!
Famke Janssen - Just because you're of the same sex, what difference does it make? Get married to whomever you want.
Famke Janssen - I love scary movies. The Shining and Don't Look Now are two of the best.
Famke Janssen - The only way to do is just to go for it, otherwise it ends up looking phoney.
Famke Janssen - I live in New York. I don't really particularly want to move to LA.
Famke Janssen - I'm trying to fight typecasting as hard as I can, while I have time.
Fantasia Barrino - I'm very soulful. I grew up singing in church. When I sing a song, I like to feel what I'm singing.
Fantasia Barrino - Have a little faith. Don't give up.
Fantasia Barrino - My lips are big, but my talent is bigger.
Fantasia Barrino - I been through some things but I worked hard to get to where I'm at.
Fantasia Barrino - I like to play dress up, I'm in love with fashion.
Fantasia Barrino - You've got to make it a good example for those kids regardless of how much you mess up.
Fantasia Barrino - I want people to just to see, all you got to do is have a little faith.
Fantasia Barrino - I caught a lot of flak for being a young mama.
Fantasia Barrino - It's always good when you can bring two artists together who are totally different.
Fantasia Barrino - I wanted people to see me, to change their minds about me.
Fareed Zakaria - I grew up in Mumbai.
Fareed Zakaria - Alaska itself is an unusual state.
Fareed Zakaria - In a world awash in debt, power shifts to creditors.
Fareed Zakaria - I don't want to paint a picture of total gloom and doom.
Fareed Zakaria - I should not be judged by a standard that's not applied to everyone else.
Fareed Zakaria - It's not possible for two countries to be the leading dominant political power at the same time.
Fareed Zakaria - I grew up in this world where everything seemed possible.
Fareed Zakaria - Culture follows power.
Fareed Zakaria - Whenever someone says the word community, I want to reach for an oxygen mask.
Fareed Zakaria - If a senator calls me up and asks me what should we do in Iraq, I'm happy to talk to him.
Farrah Fawcett - My number one goal is to love, support and be there for my son.
Farrah Fawcett - When you do bad things, bad things happen to you.
Farrah Fawcett - Marriages that last are with people who do not live in Los Angeles.
Farrah Fawcett - I'm a private person. I'm shy about people knowing things.
Farrah Fawcett - You have to eventually grow up and take control of your life, which is very hard to do.
Farrah Fawcett - Have I been wiretapped? Yes. But who they said wiretapped me was incorrect.
Farrah Fawcett - I am proud of what I have got and I need an audience.
Farrah Fawcett - It's still going on. I guess it will be until Redmond quits, dies or is jailed.
Farrah Fawcett - Everything has positive and negative consequences.
Farrah Fawcett - I became famous almost before I had a craft.
Faye Marsay - I've been lucky enough to sort of go over different mediums, different vibes and genres.
Faye Marsay - Nothing is impossible on 'Game of Thrones.'
Faye Marsay - I feel passionately that the opportunities I have had should be available to everyone.
Faye Marsay - My grandad was a miner. My father, brother, and uncles all work in industry.
Faye Marsay - I'm from the north, so I'm anti-Thatcher.
Faye Marsay - It's terrifying, social media. It terrifies me.
Faye Marsay - I just like playing people.
Faye Marsay - I just like doing my job.
Faye Marsay - I like that about London. It comes together when it needs to, and it has magic.
Faye Marsay - My feet are always on the ground. My family and friends make sure I stay there.
Federico Fellini - It's easier to be faithful to a restaurant than it is to a woman.
Federico Fellini - A different language is a different vision of life.
Federico Fellini - If you do what you were born to do, I think you will never grow old.
Federico Fellini - The artist is the medium between his fantasies and the rest of the world.
Federico Fellini - If you see with innocent eyes, everything is divine.
Federico Fellini - All art is autobiographical. The pearl is the oyster's autobiography.
Federico Fellini - You exist only in what you do.
Federico Fellini - Even if I set out to make a film about a fillet of sole, it would be about me.
Federico Fellini - Censorship is advertising paid by the government.
Federico Fellini - Fate is written in the face.
Fedor Emelianenko - Training for a fight is never easy, regardless of the opponent.
Fedor Emelianenko - I've never considered myself as a legend - just a simple man with heart.
Fedor Emelianenko - As human beings, our lives should be in retrospect with God.
Fedor Emelianenko - With my victory, I must always remember that I glorify God.
Fedor Emelianenko - I would like to have a rematch against Fabricio Werdum.
Fedor Emelianenko - I don't think about fights that didn't happen.
Fedor Emelianenko - No one expected me to become a champion.
Fedor Emelianenko - I gain strength out of familiar surroundings.
Fedor Emelianenko - It's essential for a fighter to go separately and just focus on training away from everybody else.
Fedor Emelianenko - I've always fought as a heavyweight, and I didn't see any reason to fight at a lighter weight.
Felicia Day - Surprisingly, I think if you're known on the Internet, you're probably an introvert.
Felicia Day - I believe you are never past the point of creating opportunities for yourself.
Felicia Day - Nobody sets out to break new ground. I think change comes when people have no other choice.
Felicia Day - Finishing games has been something I'm really proud of, seeing something through to the end.
Felicia Day - I love sitcoms, and I grew up on sitcoms. That's my tasty junk food.
Felicia Day - I'm a big champion of people doing things outside the system.
Felicia Day - I'd been on 'Buffy' - that is an amazing community, the Joss Whedon fans.
Felicia Day - Sustaining an audience with a web series is an impossible task.
Felicia Day - I always enjoyed acting. My aunt was actually an actress.
Felicia Day - I was a child of a tech family. My grandfather was a nuclear physicist and was always a gadget guy.
Felicity Jones - I'm more of a freestyle dancer. I like to do my own thing.
Felicity Jones - I'm attracted to playing people who aren't necessarily straightforward.
Felicity Jones - I'm not a huge jewelry fan.
Felicity Jones - I would describe my look as 'ladylike rock chick.'
Felicity Jones - I guess I'm a bit of a romantic.
Felicity Jones - I think, as an actor, you're always traveling. There's a sense of dislocation sometimes from home.
Felicity Jones - The more you work, the more people can see that you're something different from what's come before.
Felicity Jones - I don't like when I look too cluttered.
Felicity Jones - There's such a sense of theatre in getting glammed up; it's like putting on a play or short film.
Felicity Jones - I hardly ever watch the news... I love reading newspapers, but I know they're dying out.
Felipe VI of Spain - We have a great country, we are a great nation - let us trust in it.
Felipe VI of Spain - I want to reaffirm, as king, my faith in the unity of Spain.
Felipe VI of Spain - The crown must constantly earn citizens' appreciation, respect and trust.
Felipe VI of Spain - Public office must not be a means to profit or become rich.
Felipe VI of Spain - We mustn't hesitate to cut corruption at its roots.
Felipe VI of Spain - Spain and the United States share the same values of democracy, liberty and fundamental freedoms.
Felipe VI of Spain - I embody the renewed monarchy for a new time.
Felipe VI of Spain - There must not be favoured treatment for those occupying a position of public responsibility.
Felipe VI of Spain - Millions of Spaniards have Catalonia in their hearts.
Felipe VI of Spain - We all have our place in this diverse Spain.
Felix Baumgartner - Sometimes you have to go up really high to understand how small you really are.
Felix Baumgartner - I started skydiving because I loved the idea of freedom.
Felix Baumgartner - I'm 100 percent sure I'm becoming a really good helicopter pilot.
Felix Baumgartner - I always feel the danger because you might always be subject to an unexpected or emergency event.
Felix Baumgartner - Heroes don't wear diapers. It's just not cool.
Felix Baumgartner - Aviation - and space travel, in particular - have always been especially captivating.
Felix Baumgartner - This claustrophobia was the only weakness I had. It's not my fault. It's just in my mind.
Felix Baumgartner - I feel comfortable with what I do and I guess that my girlfriend feels the same.
Felix Baumgartner - As a little kid, I climbed a lot of trees because I always loved the bird's-eye view.
Felix Baumgartner - I'm retired from the daredevil business.
Felix Dennis - It's a long, slow sunset for ink-on-paper magazines, but sunsets can produce vast sums of money.
Felix Dennis - I couldn't care less what anyone's 'perception' of me is. I'm too long in the tooth to care.
Felix Dennis - The age of celebrity editors and monstrous staffing are over.
Felix Dennis - Native trees are so important to our ecosystem.
Felix Dennis - There are as many forms of happiness as sorrow, though most prove fleeting.
Felix Dennis - I am absolutely convinced that my life was redeemed by poetry.
Felix Dennis - You'll never get rich by working for your boss.
Felix Dennis - There are far too many people in university in Britain. If you want to make money, be a plumber.
Felix Dennis - People who get trapped in the tunnel vision of making money think that is all there is to life.
Felix Dennis - The planet doesn't require saving, and actually hasn't asked Greenpeace to save it.
Felix Frankfurter - It is a wise man who said that there is no greater inequality than the equal treatment of unequals.
Felix Frankfurter - It must take account of what it decrees for today in order that today may not paralyze tomorrow.
Felix Frankfurter - The mode by which the inevitable is reached is effort.
Felix Frankfurter - Freedom of the press is not an end in itself but a means to the end of achieving a free society.
Felix Frankfurter - Litigation is the pursuit of practical ends, not a game of chess.
Felix Frankfurter - Old age and sickness bring out the essential characteristics of a man.
Felix Frankfurter - The real rulers in Washington are invisible, and exercise power from behind the scenes.
Felix Frankfurter - There can be no security where there is fear.
Felix Frankfurter - I don't like a man to be too efficient. He's likely to be not human enough.
Felix Frankfurter - Gratitude is one of the least articulate of the emotions, especially when it is deep.
Ferdinand Marcos - Little boys have amazing minds.
Ferdinand Marcos - The permissiveness of society must be balanced with authoritativeness.
Ferdinand Marcos - The challenge to Asia is to discard the dry, meatless bone of mysticism and fatalism.
Ferdinand Marcos - I often wonder what I will be remembered in history for. Scholar? Military hero? Builder?
Ferdinand Marcos - Nobody is impervious to misfortune.
Ferdinand Marcos - Freedom is not just declared; it is exercised.
Ferdinand Marcos - Once a champion, always a champion.
Ferdinand Marcos - I was deposed by a coup d'etat, by friends that I trusted and aided by the American Government.
Ferdinand Marcos - I can understand the Cultural Revolution of Mao Tse-tung.
Ferdinand Marcos - What we ask of the developed countries is to let the Third World find a third way.
Fergie - Wearing nice lingerie makes me feel really glamorous. I love to splurge on that.
Fergie - I love diamond facials - they leave me glowing and refreshed.
Fergie - I'm very close with my higher power. I have a very strong connection with it.
Fergie - You know, I'm a curvy woman and I just want to be comfortable with that.
Fergie - Dick Clark will be truly missed. We will carry on his legacy every New Year's Eve.
Fergie - I have to wear two sports bras when I do my cardio. It takes a lot to hold these puppies up!
Fergie - I love crying at romantic movies like 'The Notebook.' I'm always bawling.
Fergie - You'd be surprised how addicting high self-esteem is.
Fergie - So many songs are just a wink to the audience, but people take them seriously. 'My Humps?' C'mon!
Fergie - I know this sounds generic, but I'm so happy to be home with my husband, my family, and my dog.
Fernando Flores - Great work is done by people who are not afraid to be great.
Fernando Flores - I made my own assessment of my life, and I began to live it. That was freedom.
Fernando Flores - Our worst comes out when we behave like robots or professionals.
Fernando Flores - Hope is the raw material of losers.
Fernando Flores - I never blamed Pinochet, or my torturers, or external circumstances.
Fernando Flores - You have to be able to risk your identity for a bigger future than the present you are living.
Fernando Flores - When trust improves, the mood improves.
Fernando Flores - Our best comes out when we have honest discussions.
Fernando Flores - A feel-good style can be a symptom of unawareness or lack of caring.
Fernando Flores - When I left prison, I had to figure out how to embrace my past.
Fetty Wap - My whole thing is loyalty. Loyalty over royalty; word is bond.
Fetty Wap - There's a lot of females that hustle, just like men hustle.
Fetty Wap - Plans never go well for me. I just live every day like I ain't gonna live the next one.
Fetty Wap - When I go to clubs, I don't have to wait outside.
Fetty Wap - There's gonna be a lot of great songs, but there ain't going to be another 'Trap Queen.'
Fetty Wap - Gucci Mane is my favorite artist.
Fetty Wap - If only the people around you know you're an artist, then you're doing something wrong.
Fetty Wap - People don't really call me a rapper. They call me Mr. 'Trap Queen'. The 'Trap Queen' Guy.
Fetty Wap - I got my own sound; nobody sounds like me.
Fetty Wap - Once I come up with the concept, the rest of the song just comes.
Finley Peter Dunne - The past always looks better than it was. It's only pleasant because it isn't here.
Finley Peter Dunne - Comfort the afflicted, and afflict the comfortable.
Finley Peter Dunne - Most vegetarians look so much like the food they eat that they can be classified as cannibals.
Finley Peter Dunne - The only good husbands stay bachelors: They're too considerate to get married.
Finley Peter Dunne - Trust everybody, but cut the cards.
Finley Peter Dunne - It don't make much difference what you study, so long as you don't like it.
Finley Peter Dunne - A fanatic is a man that does what he thinks the Lord would do if He knew the facts of the case.
Finley Peter Dunne - A lie with a purpose is one of the worst kind, and the most profitable.
Finley Peter Dunne - The world is not growing worse and it is not growing better - it is just turning around as usual.
Finley Peter Dunne - There are no friends at cards or world politics.
Fiona Apple - If you want to see me cry, just come to a photo shoot.
Fiona Apple - I used to get a shiver if I thought about holding balloons, because I was scared of floating away.
Fiona Apple - The way I feel about music is that there is no right and wrong. Only true and false.
Fiona Apple - I was so self-critical. I still am, but it's not as bad anymore.
Fiona Apple - I would really like to go back to school. I would love it now.
Fiona Apple - If I respect myself and believe in what I'm doing, no one can touch me.
Fiona Apple - Nothing that you do will ever feel good if you let people convince you that you have no choice.
Fiona Apple - There aren't many poster children for cool angst. Everybody thinks it's cool if you're the bad girl.
Fiona Apple - Our ancestors always thought of the worst thing that could happen, and that's why we're alive.
Fiona Apple - Five years from now I'm probably going to look back on the things I'm doing and cringe.
Fiona Shaw - So I just play the character, I play the lines.
Fiona Shaw - Even when they have nothing, the Irish emit a kind of happiness, a joy.
Fiona Shaw - I certainly had no intention of playing a man.
Fiona Shaw - Once you've done one style, you leave it for a while.
Fiona Shaw - Theater dates very quickly.
Fiona Shaw - Every generation is obsessed with the decade before they were born.
Fiona Shaw - The word democracy has no meaning. Duty has gone. Only rights remain.
Fiona Shaw - This whole tribal loyalty seems to have gone.
Fiona Shaw - There was no professional theater in Cork, but still I did a lot of performing.
Fiona Shaw - A lot of Irish people perform. They perform in drawing rooms. They sing songs and they play piano.
Flannery O'Connor - The basis of art is truth, both in matter and in mode.
Flannery O'Connor - It is better to be young in your failures than old in your successes.
Flannery O'Connor - The Southerner is usually tolerant of those weaknesses that proceed from innocence.
Flannery O'Connor - I do not know You, God, because I am in the way. Please help me to push myself aside.
Flannery O'Connor - The writer should never be ashamed of staring. There is nothing that does not require his attention.
Flannery O'Connor - The truth does not change according to our ability to stomach it.
Flannery O'Connor - I am not afraid that the book will be controversial, I'm afraid it will not be controversial.
Flannery O'Connor - There's many a bestseller that could have been prevented by a good teacher.
Flannery O'Connor - I don't deserve any credit for turning the other cheek as my tongue is always in it.
Flannery O'Connor - Conviction without experience makes for harshness.
Flavor Flav - I'm trying to grow. I don't want to stay on the same page.
Flavor Flav - I got a lot happening, a whole lot, and it's not always easy being me.
Flavor Flav - If anyone wants to know what the definition of 'dope' means, it's: 'Definition of Public Enemy.'
Flavor Flav - One thing you can't do with babies, you can't give them steak.
Flavor Flav - I'll tell you one thing you can't do: you can't put your shoes on, then your socks on.
Flavor Flav - I'm a real big celebrity. I'm this megastar.
Flavor Flav - Your man Flavor Flav is living!
Flavor Flav - My chicken ain't no joke. I ain't scared to go up against the Colonel, tastewise.
Flavor Flav - I got my degree in culinary arts in 1978.
Flavor Flav - My parents owned a soul food diner. It inspired me to go to culinary school.
Flea - Ethiopia is such a great country, beautiful place.
Flea - I got my love of jazz from my stepfather, who was a jazz musician.
Flea - I studied chord theory and started playing the piano.
Flea - We were these arty punks from Hollywood. I considered myself an intellectual.
Flea - I love my life and my mistakes and my triumphs - all of it.
Flea - I exercise; I have a big career. I'm a parent, and I run a music school.
Flea - Bands develop their own weird ways of doing things.
Flea - Anything worth doing good takes a little chaos.
Flea - Being a rock star isn't all it's cracked up to be, let me tell you.
Flea - Kids deserve arts, and it's just as important as science, math, history, English or athletics.
Fleur East - I feel like I'm quite versatile. I want to do lots of different styles.
Fleur East - Traditionally with debut albums, labels insist on a face, so people know who you are.
Fleur East - I hated my big hair. I always wore it straight.
Fleur East - I'd done an EP, and nothing came from that, and I didn't know where to go from there.
Fleur East - I'm a believer in things happening for a reason.
Fleur East - Even before I auditioned for 'X Factor' the second time, I was doing a lot of dance music.
Fleur East - I used to just sit in the living room and make up songs on the keyboard.
Fleur East - Before going on 'X Factor' again, I felt like I'd tried everything else.
Fleur East - I've worked in a call centre and as a nightclub waitress. I served champagne to Rihanna.
Fleur East - I would never totally deny myself any specific type of food.
Flip Wilson - When you're hot, you're hot; when you're not, you're not.
Flip Wilson - You can't expect to hit the jackpot if you don't put a few nickels in the machine.
Flip Wilson - The devil made me do it.
Flip Wilson - Funny is an attitude.
Flip Wilson - Violence is a tool of the ignorant.
Flip Wilson - The cost of living is going up and the chance of living is going down.
Flip Wilson - Get well cards have become so humorous that if you don't get sick you're missing half the fun.
Flip Wilson - Don't order one for the road, because the road is already laid out.
Flip Wilson - It's later than it's ever been.
Flip Wilson - I think Mr. Wilson will have to be the rest of the way alone.
Florence Welch - The sense of jubilee for music and what we're making is always genuine.
Florence Welch - I'm a choir girl gone horribly, desperately wrong.
Florence Welch - On stage, you can use your emotions. It's the place where you can channel them. They have a purpose.
Florence Welch - My style of playing is more enthusiasm and instinct than skill.
Florence Welch - You should have high expectations for yourself and others should come second.
Florence Welch - My mum wanted me to go to university.
Florence Welch - I like the idea of taking off like a bird.
Florence Welch - I definitely have a real self-destructive streak.
Florence Welch - I feel things in quite an intense way. I'm not actually the most intense person.
Florence Welch - I've just never been a tracksuit-wearer.
Flume - I think Sydney has so much natural beauty; it's just a beautiful city.
Flume - I was an avid Pokemon card collector.
Flume - For me, one of the downfalls of electronic music is that it can feel a little soulless or robotic.
Flume - The music I was making for people not to dance to was the one they were dancing to.
Flume - Imperfection is perfection.
Flume - I want to fuse the abrasive and the beautiful.
Flume - When I heard Flying Lotus, I was like, 'Wow, okay, everything can be off the grid.'
Flume - 'Sleepless' was the first thing that came out and really gained a lot of traction online.
Flume - I'm a really heavy sleeper. When I wake up I'm a terrible morning person.
Flume - A lot of electronic music out there feels cold. I want to incorporate a human element.
Forest Whitaker - Stereotypes do exist, but we have to walk through them.
Forest Whitaker - I always stand up for what I believe and what I want to.
Forest Whitaker - It's abhorrent to me that somebody is just evil, and you can't explain it.
Forest Whitaker - I'm always surprised when an actor goes so deeply into the truth that they shake you to your core.
Forest Whitaker - I liked 'Star Wars' as a kid. I liked science fiction.
Forest Whitaker - I can't say I follow it, but I've watched 'Downton Abbey' a couple of times and loved it.
Forest Whitaker - If there is inequality, and that equates with colour, then I'm going to deal with it.
Forest Whitaker - May we remain connected in love. We are one.
Forest Whitaker - Good science fiction is always based in contemporary truths.
Forest Whitaker - College football, acting, opera singing - I approached them all in the same obsessive way.
Foster Friess - People asked, 'So what are you - a multimillionaire?' I like to say, 'A billionaire wanna-be.'
Foster Friess - You don't want to put all your lead on the target. You want to leave some arrows in the quiver.
Foster Friess - I think we should be encouraged to learn from Columbine and let it be a battle cry for all of us.
Foster Friess - Success should stem from entrepreneurial creativity, not political connectivity.
Foster Friess - All of us grow.
Foster Friess - If we don't change our culture, the politics is going to migrate more and more to statism.
Foster Friess - It's so sad to see how few people in the Obama administration have any private sector experience.
Foster Friess - On the national security front, Rick Santorum is superior to any candidate I know.
Foster Friess - I have four kids. They are two years apart, and contraception has been very, very good to me.
Foster Friess - Rick Santorum has so much potential and so much eagerness to serve our country.
Foxy Brown - My purpose is far greater than my pain.
Foxy Brown - I was falsely arrested twice, slandered and defamed.
Foxy Brown - Put out great music, and that's that.
Foxy Brown - To find a prince, you gotta kiss some toads.
Foxy Brown - It feels so good to tell the truth.
Foxy Brown - I did almost a year in prison, a year in prison, just because my name is Foxy Brown.
Foxy Brown - I'm not at every party; I'm not seen everywhere. That's why people still care about my brand.
Foxy Brown - The only crime I'm guilty of is being a young black woman.
Foxy Brown - My life needed to be saved. Not just Foxy. That's my character. That's my work. Inga is a person.
Foxy Brown - I am racing to the studio the moment that God affords me the opportunity to hear again.
Fran Drescher - Once you wake up and smell the coffee, it's hard to go back to sleep.
Fran Drescher - I've gone very far, far away, but my character keeps me close to home.
Fran Drescher - Well, my favorite color I guess I would say yellow.
Fran Drescher - Since my illness, I've felt the presence of my angels.
Fran Drescher - If I go to a concert or sporting event I usually go in a VIP entrance. And leave the same way.
Fran Drescher - And remember, it's also very funny, because side by side with grief lies joy.
Fran Drescher - If we don't empower ourselves with knowledge, then we're gonna be led down a garden path.
Fran Drescher - I've lived, laughed, lost, and loved again the whole Shakespearian thing.
Fran Drescher - Life is precious and there's not a lot of room for anger.
Fran Drescher - I had my moments when I got very frightened that I would not recover.
Fran Lebowitz - You're only as good as your last haircut.
Fran Lebowitz - My favorite animal is steak.
Fran Lebowitz - If you are a dog and your owner suggests that you wear a sweater suggest that he wear a tail.
Fran Lebowitz - In real life, I assure you, there is no such thing as algebra.
Fran Lebowitz - Life is something to do when you can't get to sleep.
Fran Lebowitz - I figure you have the same chance of winning the lottery whether you play or not.
Fran Lebowitz - Humility is no substitute for a good personality.
Fran Lebowitz - If you're going to America, bring your own food.
Fran Lebowitz - The opposite of talking isn't listening. The opposite of talking is waiting.
Fran Lebowitz - Even when freshly washed and relieved of all obvious confections, children tend to be sticky.
Francesca Annis - However successful you are, there is no substitute for a close relationship. We all need them.
Francesca Annis - I am not a fanatic about anything. I do what I can do when I've got the time.
Francesca Annis - I like having a good time. It's probably my mother's Brazilian genes in me - party, party.
Francesca Annis - As you grow older, your whole life becomes very rich, multifaceted.
Francesca Annis - Having children with someone is the real bond.
Francesca Annis - I didn't choose to be an actress.
Francesca Annis - The first thing you have to do is accept that decay sets in and there's nothing you can do about it.
Francesca Annis - I don't want three million people digesting my private life over their cornflakes.
Francesca Annis - I don't regret the passing of time. I try to live in the present, which should mean my life's full.
Francesca Annis - Truly charismatic people, in my experience, don't come along very often.
Francis Chan - Even in my own church I heard the words, 'Francis Chan' more than I heard the words, 'Holy Spirit.'
Francis Chan - I want the joy of knowing that I am doing something with my life, the joy of battle.
Francis Chan - If you really want to experience God, go and make disciples.
Francis Chan - I could be wrong about salvation. I could be wrong about a lot of things.
Francis Chan - Every year in my life, I trust fewer and fewer people.
Francis Chan - When I don't think biblically, I go nuts. I just go, 'This is crazy.'
Francis Chan - I've never felt a need to really respond to someone else's writing.
Francis Chan - There are just certain times I sense the Lord is wanting me to write, and so I write.
Francis Chan - If I have a script, I tend to stick to it even if God may be leading me elsewhere in the moment.
Francis Chan - With my natural communication abilities, I could probably gather a crowd even without the Spirit.
Francis Ford Coppola - Art depends on luck and talent.
Francis Ford Coppola - As long as I can make lots of money in other businesses, I'll continue to subsidize my own work.
Francis Ford Coppola - Usually, the stuff that's your best idea or work is going to be attacked the most.
Francis Ford Coppola - I remember teachers who really singled me out for their discouragement.
Francis Ford Coppola - I liked to work in a shop down in the basement and invent things and build gadgets.
Francis Ford Coppola - I don't think there's any artist of any value who doesn't doubt what they're doing.
Francis Ford Coppola - I like simplicity; I don't need luxury.
Francis Ford Coppola - It takes no imagination to live within your means.
Francis Ford Coppola - Anything you build on a large scale or with intense passion invites chaos.
Francis Ford Coppola - We had access to too much money, too much equipment, and little by little, we went insane.
Francis Parker Yockey - Alliance does not mean love, any more than war means hate.
Francis Parker Yockey - Liberalism is Rationalism in politics.
Francis Parker Yockey - Pessimism only describes an attitude, and not facts, and hence is entirely subjective.
Francis Parker Yockey - The purest expression of the doctrine of Liberalism was probably that of Benjamin Constant.
Francis Parker Yockey - Liberalism can only be defined negatively. It is a mere critique, not a living idea.
Francis Parker Yockey - The independence of the economic sphere was a tenet of faith with Liberalism.
Francis Parker Yockey - Politics is activity in relation to power.
Francis Parker Yockey - The way politics divides the world is into friend and enemy.
Francis Parker Yockey - Leftist ideas are a part of the very atmosphere which American youth breathes.
Francis Parker Yockey - The 19th century was the age of Individualism; the 20th and 21st are the ages of Socialism.
Francis Picabia - Good taste is as tiring as good company.
Francis Picabia - A new gadget that lasts only five minutes is worth more than an immortal work that bores everyone.
Francis Picabia - Between my head and my hand, there is always the face of death.
Francis Picabia - Pain has its reasons, pleasure is totally indifferent.
Francis Picabia - My ass contemplates those who talk behind my back.
Francis Picabia - God invented concubinage, satan marriage.
Francis Picabia - A free spirit takes liberties even with liberty itself.
Francis Picabia - If you want to have clean ideas, change them as often as your shirt.
Francis Picabia - My arse contemplates those who talk behind my back.
Francis Picabia - Let us never forget that the greatest man is never more than an animal disguised as a god.
Francis Quarles - Flatter not thyself in thy faith in God if thou hast not charity for thy neighbor.
Francis Quarles - And he repents in thorns that sleeps in beds of roses.
Francis Quarles - The sufficiency of merit is to know that my merit is not sufficient.
Francis Quarles - He that hath no cross deserves no crown.
Francis Quarles - My mind's my kingdom.
Francis Quarles - The road to perseverance lies by doubt.
Francis Quarles - Wickedness is its own punishment.
Francis Quarles - Has fortune dealt you some bad cards. Then let wisdom make you a good gamester.
Francis Quarles - That friendship will not continue to the end which is begun for an end.
Francis Quarles - The average person's ear weighs what you are, not what you were.
Francisco Costa - My parents had a factory, so I was linked to the textile and fashion industry.
Francisco Costa - I have no tolerance for boredom. I spend so many hours in the office, and I still love it.
Francisco Costa - I cannot live without art: it excites me, it challenges me, and it leads me to the next thing.
Francisco Costa - I'm not an artist. I'm a fashion designer of clothes.
Francisco Costa - I do go back to Brazil once a year. I miss my family.
Francisco Costa - I don't love reading so much, but I love book shopping.
Francisco Costa - I wanted to be involved with fashion, though I didn't know what being a designer meant.
Francisco Costa - I never liked sleeping; I always think I am missing something.
Francisco Costa - I drape a lot. I cut. I have to touch. For me, it's almost impossible to start without that.
Francisco Costa - My love of fashion stemmed from my mother's passion for it.
Francois Hollande - We have chased away the clouds, the sky is all 'rose.'
Francois Hollande - I ask to be judged on the issue of unemployment.
Francois Hollande - Long live the Republic, and long live France.
Francois Hollande - I am attached to the French language. I will defend the ubiquitous use of French.
Francois Hollande - I want to initiate a change in society in the long term.
Francois Hollande - I am proud to have been capable of giving people hope again.
Francois Hollande - Each country has a soul, and France's soul is equality.
Francois Hollande - My adversary is the world of finance.
Francois Hollande - In an election, one needs both hope and audacity.
Francois Hollande - Sport allows people to come together, but politics divides people.
Francois Nars - Makeup is about balance. When the eye makes a statement, the lips should be quiet.
Francois Nars - Find your own way, have an open spirit, and believe in your own beauty.
Francois Nars - True icons are larger than life, unforgettable with an elegance that's mesmerizingly timeless.
Francois Nars - I like beauty to be a bit edgy, not typical. For me, the only rule is looking good.
Francois Nars - I'm very nostalgic - and I don't care.
Francois Nars - We love those under-eye circles. It's real life.
Francois Nars - Makeup can make a woman look more beautiful at every age.
Francois Nars - I wanted to be a make up artist. I did it, and the road that I took was quite good.
Francois Nars - Transparency is more sexy than a full, pancake finish.
Francois Nars - In this world, you do your job, a good job, and that's what counts.
Francois Rabelais - To good and true love fear is forever affixed.
Francois Rabelais - Everything comes in time to those who can wait.
Francois Rabelais - I have known many who could not when they would, for they had not done it when they could.
Francois Rabelais - Nature abhors a vacuum.
Francois Rabelais - When I drink, I think; and when I think, I drink.
Francois Rabelais - The farce is finished. I go to seek a vast perhaps.
Francois Rabelais - No clock is more regular than the belly.
Francois Rabelais - If you wish to avoid seeing a fool you must first break your looking glass.
Francois Rabelais - A bellyful is a bellyful.
Francois Rabelais - If the skies fall, one may hope to catch larks.
Francois Truffaut - Film lovers are sick people.
Francois Truffaut - I have always preferred the reflection of the life to life itself.
Francois Truffaut - Hitchcock loves to be misunderstood, because he has based his whole life around misunderstandings.
Francois Truffaut - The film of tomorrow will be an act of love.
Francois Truffaut - Taste is a result of a thousand distastes.
Francois Truffaut - Is the cinema more important than life?
Francois Truffaut - In love, women are professionals, men are amateurs.
Francois Truffaut - Some day I'll make a film that critics will like. When I have money to waste.
Francois Truffaut - I have always preferred the reflect of the life to life itself.
Francois Truffaut - I had thought of writing, actually, and that later on I'd be a novelist.
Francoise Sagan - To jealousy, nothing is more frightful than laughter.
Francoise Sagan - It would be bad form for me to describe people I don't know and don't understand.
Francoise Sagan - A dress makes no sense unless it inspires men to take it off of you.
Francoise Sagan - Art must take reality by surprise.
Francoise Sagan - One can never speak enough of the virtues, the dangers, the power of shared laughter.
Francoise Sagan - Every little girl knows about love. It is only her capacity to suffer because of it that increases.
Francoise Sagan - Jazz music is an intensified feeling of nonchalance.
Francoise Sagan - I've read Proust and Stendhal. That keeps you in your place.
Francoise Sagan - I always believe things are going to work out.
Francoise Sagan - The one thing I regret is that I will never have time to read all the books I want to read.
Frank A. Clark - A father is a man who expects his son to be as good a man as he meant to be.
Frank A. Clark - Most smiles are started by another smile.
Frank A. Clark - A baby is born with a need to be loved - and never outgrows it.
Frank A. Clark - If you find a path with no obstacles, it probably doesn't lead anywhere.
Frank A. Clark - The most important thing that parents can teach their children is how to get along without them.
Frank A. Clark - Everyone is trying to accomplish something big, not realizing that life is made up of little things.
Frank A. Clark - Real generosity is doing something nice for someone who will never find out.
Frank A. Clark - Modern man is frantically trying to earn enough to buy things he's too busy to enjoy.
Frank A. Clark - Why not upset the apple cart? If you don't, the apples will rot anyway.
Frank A. Clark - Gossip needn't be false to be evil - there's a lot of truth that shouldn't be passed around.
Frank Abagnale - Why do the Yankees always win? The other team can't stop looking at the pinstripes.
Frank Abagnale - The front of a cheque alone gives someone enough information to steal your identity.
Frank Abagnale - If my forgeries looked as bad as the CBS documents, it would have been 'Catch Me In Two Days'.
Frank Abagnale - What I did in my youth is hundreds of times easier today. Technology breeds crime.
Frank Abagnale - There is no technology today that cannot be defeated by social engineering.
Frank Abagnale - You have to think a little smarter, be proactive, not reactive.
Frank Abagnale - People say that life is short, but it isn't short. It's very long.
Frank Abagnale - I use a credit card for everything - and I choose one of the ones which gives you money back.
Frank Abagnale - The truth is, your identity already has been stolen.
Frank Abagnale - Most people don't reconcile their bank accounts.
Frank Bruno - When you're a man you try and be macho.
Frank Bruno - Sometimes your dreams come true.
Frank Bruno - Sometimes when you have bipolar you have days you are grumpy and not feeling yourself.
Frank Bruno - Boxing is the toughest and loneliest sport in the world.
Frank Bruno - I ain't got no right to judge someone.
Frank Bruno - I'm not really a cutter-off sort of person. I'll chat to anybody.
Frank Bruno - I try and maintain a little bit of fitness, man.
Frank Bruno - Some people like going to the pub; I enjoy going to the gym.
Frank Bruno - My head has got regrets, but I haven't.
Frank Bruno - I still believe in marriage.
Frank Gehry - Architecture should speak of its time and place, but yearn for timelessness.
Frank Gehry - If I knew where I was going, I wouldn't do it. When I can predict or plan it, I don't do it.
Frank Gehry - I work from the inside out.
Frank Gehry - My buildings are all on budget.
Frank Gehry - One of my greatest influences is the Italian artist Gian Lorenzo Bernini.
Frank Gehry - The best advice I've received is to be yourself. The best artists do that.
Frank Gehry - You've got to bumble forward into the unknown.
Frank Gehry - There is a backlash against me and everyone who has done buildings that have movement and feeling.
Frank Gehry - There is stuff I would have liked to have done. But there are no sour grapes.
Frank Gehry - I can't just decide myself what's being built. Someone decides what they want, then I work for them.
Frank Herbert - Seek freedom and become captive of your desires. Seek discipline and find your liberty.
Frank Herbert - Without change, something sleeps inside us, and seldom awakens. The sleeper must awaken.
Frank Herbert - Respect for the truth comes close to being the basis for all morality.
Frank Herbert - Wealth is a tool of freedom, but the pursuit of wealth is the way to slavery.
Frank Herbert - How often it is that the angry man rages denial of what his inner self is telling him.
Frank Herbert - Enemies make you stronger, allies make you weaker.
Frank Herbert - Kindness is the beginning of cruelty.
Frank Herbert - Something cannot emerge from nothing.
Frank Herbert - The proximity of a desirable thing tempts one to overindulgence. On that path lies danger.
Frank Herbert - The beginning of knowledge is the discovery of something we do not understand.
Frank Lampard - You remember the finals you lose as much as the ones you win.
Frank Lampard - Barcelona are my favourite team in Spain, let's put it that way.
Frank Lampard - I think as far as kids go, you just have to work hard. Work on your skills, keep focused.
Frank Lampard - Goals never come easy. No one gives you goals.
Frank Lampard - Everyone's got unfinished business with Barcelona. They're the greatest team in the world.
Frank Lampard - If I lose the ball, I lose it trying to do the right thing. That's the way it is.
Frank Lampard - I don't want to be a passenger sitting on the bench not doing much, even in my older years.
Frank Lampard - Nobody expects a footballer to have any kind of an IQ, which is a bit of an unfair stereotype.
Frank Lampard - Being faster would probably make me better at football.
Frank Lampard - I come from a football family which has really helped.
Frank Langella - Then, for a hot three or four weeks I wanted to be a concert pianist.
Frank Langella - We do most of what we do out of our sexual energy and our sexual needs.
Frank Langella - The last few years have been pretty hectic.
Frank Langella - The best kind of kinky sex is to have kinky sex with your wife or husband, the person you love.
Frank Langella - I'm a firm believer in absolute honesty.
Frank Langella - Intelligence is enormously sexy.
Frank Langella - I grew up in a household where everybody lived at the top of his lungs.
Frank Langella - One of the safest places to be in the world is the stage.
Frank Langella - And the test for any actor is whether you stay at the table or go away.
Frank Langella - Each of us needs something - food, liquor, pot, whatever - to help us survive. Dracula needs blood.
Frank McCourt - The sky is the limit. You never have the same experience twice.
Frank McCourt - Happiness is hard to recall. Its just a glow.
Frank McCourt - The main thing I am interested in is my experience as a teacher.
Frank McCourt - We never really had any kind of a Christmas. This is one part where my memory fails me completely.
Frank McCourt - I can't go too much into my domestic life because there are ex-wives ready to do me in.
Frank McCourt - St. Patrick, bringing the religion to Ireland, this is what we should celebrate.
Frank McCourt - You feel a sense of urgency, especially at my advanced age, when you're staring into the grave.
Frank McCourt - I've been writing in notebooks for 40 years or so.
Frank McCourt - There's so much absurdity. Poverty is so absurd.
Frank McCourt - I'm more interested in writing than in performing.
Frank Ocean - As a lifestyle you always being the focal point is innately unhealthy.
Frank Ocean - I don't fear anybody... at all.
Frank Ocean - I'm not a centerfold.
Frank Ocean - It's cool to be recognised by your peers.
Frank Ocean - You just do what you can and you have as much fun as possible.
Frank Ocean - I enjoy singing my songs in front of people.
Frank Ocean - I play piano every day. I enjoy that.
Frank Ocean - I like the anonymity that directors can have about their films.
Frank Ocean - I don't have any secrets I need kept any more.
Frank Ocean - I enjoy being involved in making the artwork for albums and stupid stuff like that.
Frank Peretti - I don't watch television.
Frank Peretti - I'm just a slow writer. I'm picky and careful and fastidious.
Frank Peretti - I don't know what idea is going to hit me when.
Frank Peretti - I'm trying to move a little more toward literary fiction while still retaining a popular feel.
Frank Peretti - When you are writing for the Christian culture, there is a whole gamut of expectations.
Frank Peretti - I always want to be on the cutting edge.
Frank Peretti - Kids are not going to sit and read a slow-paced book. Neither are adults.
Frank Peretti - The Gospel can stand up to scrutiny.
Frank Peretti - When I was a kid, I really got into monsters.
Frank Peretti - I'm a very methodical writer. Before computers, I used reams of paper and stacks of index cards.
Frank Robinson - Close don't count in baseball. Close only counts in horseshoes and grenades.
Frank Robinson - I just didn't have anything to say, so I said nothing.
Frank Robinson - All in all, I wouldn't call it a bad outing. It was a short outing.
Frank Robinson - I know a lot of people on the field - players, coaches, managers - are glad that I'm gone.
Frank Robinson - Managers don't have as much leverage as they used to have. We can't really be the boss.
Frank Robinson - If he can hit, he can hit. I don't care if he came from Class Z league.
Frank Robinson - But I'm not going to walk Barry Bonds, like some teams do, in the first inning with nobody on.
Frank Robinson - You have to have a short memory as a closer.
Frank Robinson - I always tried to do the best. I knew I couldn't always be the best, but I tried to be.
Frank Robinson - At least when it's in French, I won't know what the heck they're saying.
Frank Shorter - You don't run 26 miles at five minutes a mile on good looks and a secret recipe.
Frank Shorter - Because running fast is more fun than running slow.
Frank Shorter - To put it another way, Michael Jordan was a gym rat.
Frank Shorter - Hills are speedwork in disguise.
Frank Shorter - Again, racing for me was about energy management.
Frank Shorter - I admire runners older than I - they are now my heroes. I want to be like them as I grow older.
Frank Shorter - I also held several masters running titles.
Frank Shorter - I plan to be running as long as I can and have no plans to stop.
Frank Shorter - I think the secret of my light, quick, foot strike is related to the fact that I have fragile feet.
Frank Shorter - I was actually going to law school in 1972.
Frank Zappa - I searched for years I found no love. I'm sure that love will never be a product of plasticity.
Frank Zappa - Politics is the entertainment branch of industry.
Frank Zappa - Communism doesn't work because people like to own stuff.
Frank Zappa - There is more stupidity than hydrogen in the universe, and it has a longer shelf life.
Frank Zappa - Without deviation progress is not possible.
Frank Zappa - The United States is a nation of laws: badly written and randomly enforced.
Frank Zappa - Music is always a commentary on society.
Frank Zappa - If you want to get laid, go to college. If you want an education, go to the library.
Frank Zappa - I never set out to be weird. It was always other people who called me weird.
Frank Zappa - All the good music has already been written by people with wigs and stuff.
Frankie Avalon - When I started to play trumpet I was fortunate to learn very quickly.
Frankie Avalon - Well, we all age, but I'd been taking herbal supplements for a long time.
Frankie Avalon - It captures a lot of the spirit of the '50s.
Frankie Avalon - No sooner than I did take it seriously, I had million-selling hits and movies with John Wayne.
Frankie Avalon - I was not a trained actor.
Frankie Avalon - I've been around two years shy of 50 years doing what I do. I am a musician.
Frankie Avalon - I think today's music absolutely stinks. I really do mean that.
Frankie Avalon - These kids today, everything is about hitting a vocal home run.
Frankie Avalon - Yes, but I don't think of the Teen Angel as of an age.
Frankie Avalon - I like that because the fans want to see onstage what they know so well from the big screen.
Franklin P. Jones - Bravery is being the only one who knows you're afraid.
Franklin P. Jones - Love doesn't make the world go 'round. Love is what makes the ride worthwhile.
Franklin P. Jones - One advantage of talking to yourself is that you know at least somebody's listening.
Franklin P. Jones - Scratch a dog and you'll find a permanent job.
Franklin P. Jones - All women should know how to take care of children. Most of them will have a husband some day.
Franklin P. Jones - The trouble with being punctual is that nobody's there to appreciate it.
Franklin P. Jones - An autobiography usually reveals nothing bad about its writer except his memory.
Franklin P. Jones - You can learn many things from children. How much patience you have, for instance.
Franklin P. Jones - It's a strange world of language in which skating on thin ice can get you into hot water.
Franklin P. Jones - You're an old-timer if you can remember when setting the world on fire was a figure of speech.
Frans de Waal - Human morality is unthinkable without empathy.
Frans de Waal - Very ancient parts of the brain are involved in moral decision making.
Frans de Waal - Science is not inherently good.
Frans de Waal - The more self-aware an animal is, the more empathetic it tends to be.
Frans de Waal - The sturdiest pillars of human morality are compassion and a sense of justice.
Frans de Waal - I'm personally a nonbeliever, so I'm struggling with if we really need religion.
Frans de Waal - Humans have a lot of pro-social tendencies.
Frans de Waal - The thinking is that we started evolving language not by speaking but by gesturing.
Frans de Waal - War is evitable if conditions are such that the costs of making war are higher than the benefits.
Frans de Waal - There are beautiful examples of art done by chimpanzees in human care.
Franz Liszt - Truth is a great flirt.
Franz Liszt - Sorrowful and great is the artist's destiny.
Franz Liszt - Real men are sadly lacking in this world, for when they are put to the test they prove worthless.
Franz Liszt - Mournful and yet grand is the destiny of the artist.
Franz Liszt - Life is only a long and bitter suicide, and faith alone can transform this suicide into a sacrifice.
Franz Liszt - It is impossible to imagine a more complete fusion with nature than that of the Gypsy.
Franz Liszt - I foster a sorrowful conception of affection. Make no sacrifices.
Franz Liszt - Beware of missing chances; otherwise it may be altogether too late some day.
Franz Liszt - The public is always good.
Franz Liszt - Brahms' Variations are better than mine, but mine were written before his.
Franz Schubert - Nobody understands another's sorrow, and nobody another's joy.
Franz Schubert - Every night when I go to bed, I hope that I may never wake again, and every morning renews my grief.
Franz Schubert - A man endures misfortune without complaint.
Franz Schubert - I try to decorate my imagination as much as I can.
Franz Schubert - Easy mind, light heart. A mind that is too easy hides a heart that is too heavy.
Franz Schubert - The manager is to be blamed who distributes parts to his players which they are unable to act.
Franz Schubert - The world resembles a stage on which every man is playing a part.
Franz Schubert - The moment is supreme.
Franz Schubert - Approval or blame will follow in the world to come.
Franz Schubert - I am composing like a god, as if it simply had to be done as it has been done.
Fred Allen - I like long walks, especially when they are taken by people who annoy me.
Fred Allen - The first thing that strikes a visitor to Paris is a taxi.
Fred Allen - I have just returned from Boston. It is the only thing to do if you find yourself up there.
Fred Allen - I play a musical instrument a little, but only for my own amazement.
Fred Allen - If I could get my membership fee back, I'd resign from the human race.
Fred Allen - An income tax form is like a laundry list - either way you lose your shirt.
Fred Allen - The advertising world had space men in it before spacemen existed.
Fred Allen - Hanging is too good for a man who makes puns; he should be drawn and quoted.
Fred Allen - Television is a medium because anything well done is rare.
Fred Allen - California is a fine place to live - if you happen to be an orange.
Fred DeLuca - There are so many ingredients that are approved for use. You can't be an expert on all of them.
Fred DeLuca - It's tough for people to get into business, especially a small business.
Fred DeLuca - Profit or perish... There are only two ways to make money: increase sales and decrease costs.
Fred DeLuca - I made the first sandwich before entering college.
Fred DeLuca - The payroll tax is affecting sales. It's causing sales declines.
Fred DeLuca - Subway is a real point of pride. We have influenced the way people eat.
Fred DeLuca - I don't have much of a bucket list. I don't have a lot of needs and desires.
Fred DeLuca - We have always had many more franchisee candidates than available locations.
Fred DeLuca - In the U.S. and Canada, we have one store for every 12,000 people.
Fred DeLuca - To a large extent, we're working hard to fulfill the consumer demand for Subway sandwiches.
Fred Durst - My life. The life I'm living that's where all my inspiration comes from. Real life experiences.
Fred Durst - That's your best friend and your worst enemy - your own brain.
Fred Durst - Prague is a dark place.
Fred Durst - I'm OCD beyond comparison.
Fred Durst - I wouldn't support Limp Bizkit being on some snuff backyard brawling, fighting contest.
Fred Durst - I love finding EPs for bands that you just discover.
Fred Durst - I love electronic music, and I love drum and bass.
Fred Durst - I love jazz music and sad music. I'm a sentimental guy. I'm a romantic guy.
Fred Durst - I'm a sentimental guy.
Fred Durst - When I look back on my knee-jerk reactions now, I realize I should have just taken a breath.
Fred Thompson - Sometimes you have to, as I say, build bridges where you can - but draw lines where you must.
Fred Thompson - There's a lot more to competence than a law degree and a modicum of courtroom skill.
Fred Thompson - We're hoping for the best, but we need to prepare for the worst.
Fred Thompson - The problem is that agencies sometimes lose sight of common sense as they create regulations.
Fred Thompson - But if the Chinese mainland, the PRC, attacked Taiwan, we'd be obligated to come to their aid.
Fred Thompson - Clearly, the Chinese know that we want a good relationship with them.
Fred Thompson - Hopefully, we can build bridges, but we also have to draw lines.
Fred Thompson - Nobody wants to open a business near a Superfund site and risk being sued.
Fred Thompson - Superfund was passed with the good intention of cleaning up America's toxic waste sites.
Fred Thompson - We also have to ask if we focusing on the most important priorities.
Fred Wilson - I believe Android will be stronger in the developing world than it is in the developed world.
Fred Wilson - To see things differently requires you to be wired a little differently.
Fred Wilson - I'm a free speech bigot. I don't like censorship; I just don't think it's a good thing.
Fred Wilson - I think 'crazy' is a compliment. I think you make money with people who are crazy.
Fred Wilson - Facebook is not an unstoppable juggernaut. There are a lot of other things people can do on the web.
Fred Wilson - When my dad was in Vietnam, we lost a parent for a year. Thank God we didn't lose a parent for good.
Fred Wilson - Marketing is for companies who have sucky products.
Fred Wilson - Equity capital is expensive. Every time you do a raise, you dilute.
Fred Wilson - It's upsetting to me that you have to be a millionaire to invest in your friend's start-up.
Fred Wilson - Start-ups should be hunch-driven early on and data-driven as they scale.
Freddie Freeman - For me, feeling good is line drives to left field.
Freddie Freeman - There's nothing I can really do but keep going out there and swinging.
Freddie Freeman - Enjoy and have fun when you're a kid, because you are a kid.
Freddie Freeman - Just have fun, and just play hard, and just practice a lot.
Freddie Freeman - I think this world needs a little more hugging in their lives.
Freddie Freeman - Coming in here and having fun with the guys, loving everyone, playing this game - it's a lot of fun.
Freddie Freeman - I love coming home.
Freddie Freeman - You're going to be friends with people longer than you're going to be teammates in this game.
Freddie Freeman - Thrilling, thrilling to see yourself on a baseball card for the first time.
Freddie Freeman - When you come back on top after you've fallen, it's a better story.
Freddie Mercury - I won't be a rock star. I will be a legend.
Freddie Mercury - When the whole point of Queen was to be original.
Freddie Mercury - I'm just a musical prostitute, my dear.
Freddie Mercury - A concert is not a live rendition of our album. It's a theatrica! event.
Freddie Mercury - What will I be doing in twenty years' time? I'll be dead, darling! Are you crazy?
Freddie Mercury - Money may not buy happiness, but it can damn well give it!
Freddie Mercury - The reason we're successful, darling? My overall charisma, of course.
Freddie Mercury - I'm very emotional; I think I may go mad in several years' time.
Freddie Mercury - I dress to kill, but tastefully.
Freddie Mercury - I always knew I was a star And now, the rest of the world seems to agree with me.
Freddie Prinze, Jr. - I've heard, 'May the Force be with you' about as many times as, 'Hey, how you doing?'
Freddie Prinze, Jr. - I don't know if acting is genetic. Maybe it's environmental.
Freddie Prinze, Jr. - I think success shows a person's true colors.
Freddie Prinze, Jr. - I've never seen 'Buffy the Vampire Slayer.'
Freddie Prinze, Jr. - I really don't like hurting people; I like making people feel good.
Freddie Prinze, Jr. - I grew up all over the place, but the majority of my years were spent in Albuquerque, New Mexico.
Freddie Prinze, Jr. - Speaking Spanish isn't a benefit in Hollywood.
Freddie Prinze, Jr. - I would have loved to have played Spider-Man.
Freddie Prinze, Jr. - I don't really read magazines that much. I read comic books.
Freddie Prinze, Jr. - High school's like another planet.
Freddie Wong - Straight-up digital delivery will be the way the future works.
Freddie Wong - The moment you've brought a toothbrush to work, then you're getting into crunch time.
Freddie Wong - Drift racing is expensive.
Freddie Wong - Defying genre conventions is instantly a risky move.
Freddie Wong - I'm not even very good at most video games.
Freddie Wong - Non-studio entities can experiment with storytelling that might be too niche... for a studio.
Freddie Wong - Online is another way for all of us to reach people.
Freddie Wong - One of our goals is to figure out ways of diversifying where we are.
Freddie Wong - Venture capitalists don't pay attention to you unless you have an app or a widget.
Freddie Wong - Content financing is a difficult beast no matter what era of Hollywood we're talking about.
Frederick the Great - A crown is merely a hat that lets the rain in.
Frederick the Great - If my soldiers were to begin to think, not one of them would remain in the army.
Frederick the Great - I begin by taking. I shall find scholars later to demonstrate my perfect right.
Frederick the Great - Religion is the idol of the mob; it adores everything it does not understand.
Frederick the Great - He who defends everything defends nothing.
Frederick the Great - What is the good of experience if you do not reflect?
Frederick the Great - Don't forget your great guns, which are the most respectable arguments of the rights of kings.
Frederick the Great - Rogues, would you live forever?
Frederick the Great - An educated people can be easily governed.
Frederick the Great - Every man has a wild beast within him.
Freeman Dyson - The purpose of thinking about the future is not to predict it but to raise people's hopes.
Freeman Dyson - It's better to get mugged than to live a life of fear.
Freeman Dyson - Aviation is the branch of engineering that is least forgiving of mistakes.
Freeman Dyson - The technologies which have had the most profound effects on human life are usually simple.
Freeman Dyson - There is a great satisfaction in building good tools for other people to use.
Freeman Dyson - The pain of childbirth is not remembered. It's the child that's remembered.
Freeman Dyson - Unfortunately the global warming hysteria, as I see it, is driven by politics more than by science.
Freeman Dyson - Younger people have so many opportunities. I don't see any pessimism among them.
Freeman Dyson - I have the freedom to do what I want... bright people to talk to every day.
Freeman Dyson - I am saying that all predictions concerning climate are highly uncertain.
Freida Pinto - I think even the most beautiful person looks stupid on Skype.
Freida Pinto - As the world's getting filled with temptations, we're getting a bit frivolous and a bit fickle.
Freida Pinto - I'll never forget where I'm from. It's essential to remain humble and evolving.
Freida Pinto - Everything big-budget or stereotypical I was offered after 'Slumdog Millionaire' was a huge no-no.
Freida Pinto - I'd like to jump out of a plane. I have a fear of heights I'd like to face.
Freida Pinto - There's one disturbing notion throughout India that light skin is more attractive than dark.
Freida Pinto - I am first and foremost an actress of Indian origin.
Freida Pinto - I love going into a country and just blending.
Freida Pinto - I'm a human being before anything else.
Freida Pinto - I absolutely love London; it is one of my favourite cities in the world.
Friedrich Durrenmatt - The rightful claim to dissent is an existential right of the individual.
Friedrich Durrenmatt - Resistance at all cost is the most senseless act there is.
Friedrich Durrenmatt - Human life is beyond comprehension.
Friedrich Durrenmatt - Someone who is about to die does not mourn the dead.
Friedrich Durrenmatt - The difference between humans and wild animals is that humans pray before they commit murder.
Friedrich Durrenmatt - The worst possible turn can not be programmed. It is caused by coincidence.
Friedrich Durrenmatt - Truth is always a delusion.
Friedrich Durrenmatt - A state always calls itself fatherland when it is ready for murder.
Friedrich Durrenmatt - The freedom of each individual can only be the freedom of all.
Friedrich Durrenmatt - A story is not finished, until it took the worst turn.
Friedrich Schiller - Grace is the beauty of form under the influence of freedom.
Friedrich Schiller - Keep true to the dreams of your youth.
Friedrich Schiller - Art is the daughter of freedom.
Friedrich Schiller - Against stupidity the very gods themselves contend in vain.
Friedrich Schiller - The strong man is strongest when alone.
Friedrich Schiller - Happy he who learns to bear what he cannot change.
Friedrich Schiller - Power is the most persuasive rhetoric.
Friedrich Schiller - Great souls suffer in silence.
Friedrich Schiller - It does not prove a thing to be right because the majority say it is so.
Friedrich Schiller - Appearance rules the world.
Fritz Lang - Cinemascope is not for men, but for snakes and funerals.
Fritz Lang - Women have always been my best friends.
Fritz Lang - For me, cinema is a vice. I love it intimately.
Fritz Lang - I was called the greatest director in Europe, but I was just a hard worker.
Fritz Lang - My private life has nothing to do with my films.
Fritz Lang - I like folk songs, but ten horses couldn't bring me to a concert or an opera.
Fritz Lang - Music is the same to me as it was to Goethe - a pleasant noise. I am an eye man, not an ear man.
Fritz Lang - I do not like producers.
Fritz Lang - I am not an artist. I am a craftsman.
Fritz Lang - In America, sex is preached; in France, it is done.
Future - You got one life to live. So I'm living it the way I want to live it.
Future - You want to create your own path, no matter what situation you're in.
Future - You don't question magic.
Future - If you behind me, I'm not going to look back and try and figure out what you're doing behind me.
Future - It takes an astronaut so long to get to space - that's how long it takes to catch up on my music.
Future - Rumours are rumours. The Internet is going to report whatever they have to speculate on.
Future - I ain't giving up on myself, so if you give up on me, I ain't got nothing else to say for you.
Future - I feel a responsibility for telling the truth.
Future - I'm just not going to settle for anything, you know?
Future - Everybody can relate to being real or true. Somehow, someway, you want to be real and true.
Fuzzy Zoeller - The key factor in the vodka category is smoothness, and smoothness is what our vodka has.
Fuzzy Zoeller - I have to make things right with Tiger first before anything else.
Fuzzy Zoeller - Every time I got close, somebody seemed to play a little better.
Fuzzy Zoeller - Life is not a bowl full of cherries, there's good and bad stuff.
Fuzzy Zoeller - Vodka does not ease back pain. But it does get your mind off it.
Fuzzy Zoeller - Have a little fun. A few laughs.
Fuzzy Zoeller - When things are going good they just keep going good.
Fuzzy Zoeller - It's nice to walk into a club and see your picture. Then you know you've done something good.
Fuzzy Zoeller - Every shot makes someone happy.
Fuzzy Zoeller - I realize I'm not a machine. I'm going to make mistakes.
G-Eazy - I think when you're telling a story from inside of you that's genuine, people connect with it.
G-Eazy - Keeping in touch with the people that matter is important.
G-Eazy - When you're around somebody like E-40, all you can do is watch and learn, and soak up game.
G-Eazy - I hate picking out clothes.
G-Eazy - You have this ability in hip hop to be invincibly cool, and that is a part of G-Eazy.
G-Eazy - Touring is starting to feel more like home than home does.
G-Eazy - I had a job since I was old enough to work - since I was, like, 14.
G-Eazy - My mom was a single parent.
G-Eazy - I'm on Tumblr all the time.
G-Eazy - I'm not on the radio all day long. I'm not on TV.
G. Willow Wilson - Superheroes don't often get their powers in one fell swoop. It's like superhero puberty.
G. Willow Wilson - So many people are of mixed heritage; everyone is from somewhere else.
G. Willow Wilson - For me, insomnia was something ordinary, and it came and went for ordinary reasons.
G. Willow Wilson - Muslims are ordinary members of the working public, just like you.
G. Willow Wilson - I didn't believe in spiritual homelands, and found God as readily in a strip mall as in a mosque.
G. Willow Wilson - I was born in New Jersey and lived there until I was about 10, so Jersey is in my roots.
G. Willow Wilson - I keep setting the bar higher for myself in terms of what I'm trying to accomplish.
G. Willow Wilson - I think every Muslim woman has to feel the world out for herself.
G. Willow Wilson - It's patently impossible for a Muslim character to represent 'all Muslims.'
G. Willow Wilson - I've wanted to write comics ever since I figured out it was a job.
Gabby Douglas - You just have to be yourself and go full with confidence and be courageous.
Gabby Douglas - Gold medals are made out of sweat, blood and tears and effort in the gym every day.
Gabby Douglas - The hard work definitely paid off and hard work always does.
Gabby Douglas - My mom says I'm a fighter, a fierce competitor, and I think I am, too.
Gabby Douglas - Gospel music always relaxes me and calms my nerves.
Gabby Douglas - I kind of do think of myself as a superhero and just flying high, and doing these crazy flips.
Gabby Douglas - Always be courageous and strong, and don't fear.
Gabby Douglas - I wanted to tell my story and where I came from and my background, because it was not easy.
Gabby Douglas - You need your mom and dad to protect you. It means they love you so much.
Gabby Douglas - I learned from my mom to always keep pushing yourself.
Gabourey Sidibe - One of my personal plights in this business is about playing 'The Sassy Black Girl.'
Gabourey Sidibe - I have a nice smile, pretty lips, and big round cheeks. They help me look like a teenager.
Gabourey Sidibe - Your body is your temple, it's your home, and you must decorate it.
Gabourey Sidibe - I'm just a girl from Harlem who ended up in the right place at the right time.
Gabourey Sidibe - I think people look at me and don't expect much. Even though, I expect a whole lot.
Gabourey Sidibe - I love the way I look. I'm fine with it. And if my body changes, I'll be fine with that.
Gabourey Sidibe - While 'Precious' isn't a real person, it's someone's story, and it's too many peoples' story.
Gabourey Sidibe - I don't fixate on other people's opinions of my body.
Gabourey Sidibe - I'm not a big fan of doing what my mother wants me to do, like any daughter.
Gabourey Sidibe - I have a birthmark on the inside of my left knee that resembles an upside-down sea horse.
Gabriel Garcia Marquez - Nobody deserves your tears, but whoever deserves them will not make you cry.
Gabriel Garcia Marquez - If God hadn't rested on Sunday, He would have had time to finish the world.
Gabriel Garcia Marquez - Always remember that the most important thing in a good marriage is not happiness, but stability.
Gabriel Garcia Marquez - What matters in life is not what happens to you but what you remember and how you remember it.
Gabriel Garcia Marquez - He who awaits much can expect little.
Gabriel Garcia Marquez - A man knows when he is growing old because he begins to look like his father.
Gabriel Garcia Marquez - An early-rising man is a good spouse but a bad husband.
Gabriel Garcia Marquez - Fame is very agreeable, but the bad thing is that it goes on 24 hours a day.
Gabriel Garcia Marquez - Necessity has the face of a dog.
Gabriel Garcia Marquez - No, not rich. I am a poor man with money, which is not the same thing.
Gabrielle Union - Boys are so much drama.
Gabrielle Union - If someone lacked decency or respect, I didn't allow that person to stay in my world.
Gabrielle Union - Hollywood needs to recognise all shades of African American beauty.
Gabrielle Union - But I prefer to go to comedies. Give me Julia Roberts smiling anyday.
Gabrielle Union - If my real life was half as exciting as what is reported, I would be thrilled.
Gabrielle Union - My friends are very opinionated about the people I date.
Gabrielle Union - Reality TV looks more like America than movies do.
Gabrielle Union - There's no such thing as a healthy tan, and that's what people need to understand.
Gabrielle Union - I've always had an interest in sports across the board.
Gabrielle Union - I've been trying to get cast as a lesbian for years.
Gael Garcia Bernal - Alexander Gonzalez Inarritu is a great director. He's the one I first worked with. He's amazing.
Gael Garcia Bernal - In Latin America, you don't do things for the money because there is no money.
Gael Garcia Bernal - I go with the flow. Whatever music you play for me, I'll dance.
Gael Garcia Bernal - The whole Baja California peninsula is an energetic place, and it's incredibly alive.
Gael Garcia Bernal - It's very difficult to raise money, especially in the United States, for independent movies.
Gael Garcia Bernal - Recently I've been doing risottos. Some of them have been amazing. Some of them, not all of them.
Gael Garcia Bernal - I want to do work, but I also want to have a good time.
Gael Garcia Bernal - Democracy should be practiced not every six years, but every day.
Gael Garcia Bernal - Talent survives and remains while beauty is diluted.
Gael Garcia Bernal - Histories are to educate so that we understand better for ourselves and for motivation.
Gail Sheehy - Creativity can be described as letting go of certainties.
Gail Sheehy - If every day is an awakening, you will never grow old. You will just keep growing.
Gail Sheehy - If we don't change, we don't grow. If we don't grow, we aren't really living.
Gail Sheehy - When men reach their sixties and retire, they go to pieces. Women go right on cooking.
Gail Sheehy - The perceptions of middle age have their own luminosity.
Gail Sheehy - Growth demands a temporary surrender of security.
Gail Sheehy - The delights of self-discovery are always available.
Gail Sheehy - It is a paradox that as we reach out prime, we also see there is a place where it finishes.
Gail Sheehy - Sex and older women used to be considered an oxymoron, rarely mentioned in the same breath.
Gail Sheehy - The first thing one notices about Jill Abramson is her short stature. The second is her intensity.
Gal Gadot - I'm kind of sarcastic. Not cynical but sarcastic.
Gal Gadot - I'm a genuine person - I will never promote something I don't believe in.
Gal Gadot - I represent the 'Wonder Woman' of the new world.
Gal Gadot - I just keep active - everything that's challenging me, everything that I feel like doing.
Gal Gadot - If things had gone according to my plans, I'd be a lawyer. I never dreamt of being an actress.
Gal Gadot - I've been very active all my life. I was a combat instructor in the Israeli Army.
Gal Gadot - It is so important for girls and boys to have a female, strong superhero to look up to.
Gal Gadot - Growing up, I was a dancer. I wanted to be a choreographer.
Gal Gadot - I do cardio, but I don't like it as much. I'd rather do weights.
Gal Gadot - I danced for 12 years, and I played a lot team sports: basketball, volleyball.
Galileo Galilei - All truths are easy to understand once they are discovered; the point is to discover them.
Galileo Galilei - We cannot teach people anything; we can only help them discover it within themselves.
Galileo Galilei - The Milky Way is nothing else but a mass of innumerable stars planted together in clusters.
Galileo Galilei - I have never met a man so ignorant that I couldn't learn something from him.
Galileo Galilei - And yet it moves.
Galileo Galilei - Where the senses fail us, reason must step in.
Galileo Galilei - We must say that there are as many squares as there are numbers.
Galileo Galilei - By denying scientific principles, one may maintain any paradox.
Galileo Galilei - The Bible shows the way to go to heaven, not the way the heavens go.
Galileo Galilei - Measure what is measurable, and make measurable what is not so.
Garrison Keillor - Thank you, God, for this good life and forgive us if we do not love it enough.
Garrison Keillor - Cats are intended to teach us that not everything in nature has a function.
Garrison Keillor - Sometimes you have to look reality in the eye, and deny it.
Garrison Keillor - I believe in looking reality straight in the eye and denying it.
Garrison Keillor - A book is a gift you can open again and again.
Garrison Keillor - I think the most un-American thing you can say is, 'You can't say that.'
Garrison Keillor - The funniest line in English is 'Get it?' When you say that, everyone chortles.
Garrison Keillor - It's a shallow life that doesn't give a person a few scars.
Garrison Keillor - The highlight of my childhood was making my brother laugh so hard that food came out of his nose.
Garrison Keillor - Lake Wobegon, the little town that time forgot and the decades cannot improve.
Garry Kasparov - Women, by their nature, are not exceptional chess players: they are not great fighters.
Garry Kasparov - Chess is mental torture.
Garry Kasparov - I think our chances are not looking great today but the only way to fail for me is just not to try.
Garry Kasparov - Russian Parliament today is a bunch of puppets that just fall in with the instructions from Kremlin.
Garry Kasparov - We've been saying Putin is a dictator for years who doesn't care about the law.
Garry Kasparov - At the end of the day, it's all about money.
Garry Kasparov - I have great energy and I have great tasks ahead of me.
Garry Kasparov - I've met enough KGB colonels in my life.
Garry Kasparov - I think Russians today have a distorted picture of capitalism, liberal democracy and market economy.
Garry Kasparov - It's quite difficult for me to imagine my life without chess.
Garry Shandling - Nice guys finish first. If you don't know that, then you don't know where the finish line is.
Garry Shandling - Without comedy as a defense mechanism I wouldn't be able to survive.
Garry Shandling - I'm dating a woman now who, evidently, is unaware of it.
Garry Shandling - I once made love for an hour and fifteen minutes, but it was the night the clocks are set ahead.
Garry Shandling - My friends tell me I have an intimacy problem. But they don't really know me.
Garry Shandling - I'm too shy to express my sexual needs except over the phone to people I don't know.
Garry Shandling - I am pretty tenacious as a perfectionist in terms of getting something right.
Garry Shandling - Everyone at a party is uncomfortable. Knowing that makes me more comfortable.
Garry Shandling - There's a good chance that if you're talking to me when I'm snoring, it means I'm bored.
Garry Shandling - Carol Burnett was particularly funny. She swore for the first time on television on Larry Sanders.
Garth Brooks - Just keep taking chances and having fun.
Garth Brooks - You aren't wealthy until you have something money can't buy.
Garth Brooks - I spend all my time right now trying to combat music retail and copyright.
Garth Brooks - The greatest conflicts are not between two people but between one person and himself.
Garth Brooks - Any time I'm in a moving thing, like an airplane, I'm usually asleep before we even get on our way.
Garth Brooks - True country music is honesty, sincerity, and real life to the hilt.
Garth Brooks - Some of God's greatest gifts are unanswered prayers.
Garth Brooks - People aren't always themselves. They're always holding back something.
Garth Brooks - You know me, I've got to find some way to get a fresh fire.
Garth Brooks - Stand straight, walk proud, have a little faith.
Gary Busey - Fear is the dark room where the Devil develops his negatives.
Gary Busey - I'm not jealous, and I'm not possessive, and I'm not controlling.
Gary Busey - If you take shortcuts, you get cut short.
Gary Busey - I consider myself a Texan. I grew up in Texas and Oklahoma.
Gary Busey - Winners do what losers don't want to do.
Gary Busey - Amen is not the end of a prayer, it just gets us ready to go to the next level.
Gary Busey - Have a mind that's open to everything, get attached to nothing.
Gary Busey - I've been told by doctors and surgeons that I have the energy of ten men who have normal jobs.
Gary Busey - I'm interested in all things that Donald Trump does. I've known him since 1980. He's a good man.
Gary Busey - There has got to be more to life than being a really, really, ridiculously good actor.
Gary Cherone - There is no substitute for jamming and getting to know each other on the road.
Gary Cherone - When 5150 came out rock was king. Post Nirvana and Pearl Jam 1996 is a different story.
Gary Cherone - The voices on the record, that was trying to treat my voice like guitar players treat guitar tones.
Gary Cherone - If people get to the end of the record, then that is a treat.
Gary Cherone - I was growing up listening to Queen. Freddie Mercury threw those incredible melodies into his songs.
Gary Cherone - Michael Anthony is the Diplomat of Rock N Roll. He is the regular guy.
Gary Cherone - It was fun while it lasted, but it never seemed real to me. I could not believe I was in Van Halen.
Gary Cherone - They hated Sammy Hagar for 12 years and they hate him to this day.
Gary Cherone - There is nothing like singing a song that 20,000 people know and are singing back to you.
Gary Cherone - I am a big Pink Floyd fan. That is where a lot of the concept lyrics come from.
Gary Johnson - Regardless of who wins, an election should be a time for optimism and fresh approaches.
Gary Johnson - Every time you pass a law, it is a little bite out of freedom.
Gary Johnson - Part of being out there, campaigning, talking to people, is being able to read body language.
Gary Johnson - If there were no government-guaranteed student loans, college tuition would be much lower.
Gary Johnson - I'm ready for a different America.
Gary Johnson - I don't believe there should be any restrictions when it comes to firearms. None.
Gary Johnson - I just see religious freedom, as a category, as just being a black hole.
Gary Johnson - Imagine a libertarian president challenging Congress to repeal the PATRIOT Act.
Gary Johnson - Imagine a libertarian president challenging Congress for meaningful immigration reform.
Gary Johnson - I reject the insurance model. I think we should have a free-market approach to healthcare.
Gary Oldman - You choose your friends by their character and your socks by their color.
Gary Oldman - My passion and energy get mistaken for anger.
Gary Oldman - What other people think of me is none of my business.
Gary Oldman - Political correctness has become a straightjacket.
Gary Oldman - Overall I enjoy a certain anonymity. I live a very normal, very ordinary life.
Gary Oldman - I like a cheese and pickle. Nice cheese and pickle on a real old-fashioned bread. Ploughman's lunch.
Gary Oldman - Reality TV to me is the museum of social decay.
Gary Oldman - But you see, I have played more good guys than I have played villains.
Gary Oldman - I got obsessed with classical music, I got obsessed with Chopin, with playing the piano.
Gary Oldman - I wasn't ever a huge fan of comics. Just not one of those kids, you know?
Gary Sinise - I have veterans in my family. But I didn't know anything about DAV, Disabled American Veterans.
Gary Sinise - It's always been my dream to do a dance scene with Anthony Hopkins.
Gary Sinise - I was always fascinated with rock 'n' roll, or girls, or something like that when I was a kid.
Gary Sinise - But I've got more to learn, too. I don't feel like I'm done or I know it all.
Gary Sinise - Well, I've been to Iraq twice now. I was in Baghdad in June and then north of Baghdad in November.
Gary Sinise - I save money when I'm working so that I never have to take a role simply to pay the bills.
Gary Sinise - Sometimes you're in great demand. Then suddenly your career hits the breaks.
Gary Sinise - I'm not like one of those actors who's a frustrated director.
Gary Sinise - Yeah, I volunteered to support the troops, and get out there and show them that we care about them.
Gary Sinise - I started a theater called Steppenwolf. We've been very supportive of the veterans there.
Gavin Newsom - You need to let go of your fear and anxiety of being judged by others.
Gavin Newsom - As Mayor, I will use my experience to make San Francisco a place where small businesses can thrive.
Gavin Newsom - I'm much more optimistic about this next generation because this is the first global generation.
Gavin Newsom - These Millennials are volunteering more; they're smarter than ever.
Gavin Newsom - I have a very successful father-in-law and family with very different political views.
Gavin Newsom - You've got to change incentives for good behavior as opposed to just disincentivizing bad behavior.
Gavin Newsom - I don't want to let the rest of this country drift into the abyss. I want to fight for it.
Gavin Newsom - Street and park trees provide tremendous benefits to cities.
Gavin Newsom - When you have a good idea, the money flows.
Gavin Newsom - The tech genie is out of the bottle; you can't put it back in.
Gayle King - I have to admit, if Oprah were a man, I would marry her.
Gayle King - I'm the oldest of three girls. My sisters say I can be bossy.
Gayle King - I'm basically a really happy person. My life is nuts, but it feels complete.
Gayle King - I'll do almost anything for cake - even trample little children!
Gayle King - We're all spending way too much of our time and energy trying to fight the stuff we can't change.
Gayle King - I grew up in an all-white community.
Gayle King - I only tweet if I discover something that's fantastic, or if I heard something really great.
Gayle King - I changed my name from Gail to Gayle in seventh grade because I liked to make a loopy 'y.'
Gayle King - I majored in psychology, and I still love listening to people's problems.
Gayle King - People think that I don't work, and I fly around in Oprah's private plane doing whatever I want.
Gayle Tzemach Lemmon - Women who choose to breastfeed should get as much education and support as possible.
Gayle Tzemach Lemmon - I think that sometimes people are frightened to take the risk of entrepreneurship.
Gayle Tzemach Lemmon - I worked at ABCNews.com at a time when nobody knew what 'dot com' was.
Gayle Tzemach Lemmon - The women of Afghanistan have a voice, and it needs to be heard and not forgotten.
Gayle Tzemach Lemmon - No one argues with the many benefits of breastfeeding for those women who choose it.
Gayle Tzemach Lemmon - Giving birth to a baby does not make you an infant.
Gayle Tzemach Lemmon - Single mothers are raising more of America's children than ever before.
Gayle Tzemach Lemmon - A lot has been said about single mothers. Most of it has been less than flattering.
Gayle Tzemach Lemmon - The United States will not be in Afghanistan forever.
Gayle Tzemach Lemmon - We do not invest in victims, we invest in survivors.
Geddy Lee - I guess, we were people who just dedicated to trying to get better.
Geddy Lee - I like to practice on the bass, but I don't do it as often as I should.
Geddy Lee - It's hard for me to just practice without writing something.
Geddy Lee - Music is all about wanting to be better at it.
Geddy Lee - So, I really don't consider myself a fabulous keyboard player.
Geddy Lee - I'm a big believer of daylight in the studio.
Geddy Lee - I have always felt I was more accurately a Hard Rock musician.
Geddy Lee - For me, how I feel about what I wrote down turns into a song.
Geddy Lee - I am moved more by melodies, song structure, and evocative textures.
Geddy Lee - I feel a little uncomfortable about endorsements.
Geena Davis - Archery is something that I took up later and didn't know I had a natural aptitude for.
Geena Davis - I haven't ever gone to any Mensa meetings.
Geena Davis - Archers are pretty focused.
Geena Davis - If you risk nothing, then you risk everything.
Geena Davis - Somebody warned me early on to be very careful about brushing up against the chocolate.
Geena Davis - I've always looked up to him, even though he is shorter.
Geena Davis - Rosie knows how to play ball. She's an athlete, for sure.
Geena Davis - Something's like crossed over in me and I can't go back. I couldn't live.
Geena Davis - A woman as the leader of the Free World is an impossibility. Muslim countries won't talk to you.
Geena Davis - It's really important for boys to see that girls take up half of the planet - which we do.
Gene Fowler - Men are not against you; they are merely for themselves.
Gene Fowler - What is success? It is a toy balloon among children armed with pins.
Gene Fowler - Never thank anybody for anything, except a drink of water in the desert - and then make it brief.
Gene Fowler - Love and memory last and will so endure till the game is called because of darkness.
Gene Fowler - He has a profound respect for old age. Especially when it's bottled.
Gene Fowler - Sometimes I think my writing sounds like I walked out of the room and left the typewriter running.
Gene Fowler - It is easier to believe than to doubt.
Gene Fowler - Psychoanalysts seem to be long on information and short on application.
Gene Fowler - Whatever one believes to be true either is true or becomes true in one's mind.
Gene Fowler - If they haven't heard it before it's original.
Gene Green - If you're not worried, you're not reasonable.
Gene Green - The Vietnam War soured President Johnson's legacy. We still have to recognize his domestic legacy.
Gene Green - People just don't know what civilian prisoners of war are.
Gene Green - Ultimately, refiners, like all of us, are going to have to clean up their emissions.
Gene Green - The knee-jerk approach of those who want to control firearms may not be the solution.
Gene Green - You work really hard on something, and if you're lucky, you get a break.
Gene Green - The Federal Communications Commission licensed satellite radio to be a national-only radio service.
Gene Green - Sen. Clinton carried our district, and it is difficult to vote against your constituents.
Gene Green - It's no secret I was part of John Dingell's whip team.
Gene Green - We should not continue to play politics with women's health.
Gene Luen Yang - 'Shadow Hero' was a dream to work on.
Gene Luen Yang - I'm a cartoonist. I write and draw comic books and graphic novels. I'm also a coder.
Gene Luen Yang - I love hearing people who are smarter than me talk about my comics. It makes me feel smarter.
Gene Luen Yang - Writing, for me, is very inspiration-dependent. And inspiration can be a jerk.
Gene Luen Yang - Carl Barks and Don Rosa are two of my favorite cartoonists ever.
Gene Luen Yang - I work at a high school, and we have an anime and manga club.
Gene Luen Yang - 'Shadow Hero' was my first superhero story. I don't know why it took so long.
Gene Luen Yang - In academia in general, there's this push toward using comics as an educational tool.
Gene Luen Yang - Eventually, I just couldn't imagine myself being in a cubicle for my entire career.
Gene Luen Yang - The most labor-intensive part of putting together a comic is the drawing.
Gene Simmons - Live and think like a poor man and you'll always be OK.
Gene Simmons - I don't wait for the calendar to figure out when I should live life.
Gene Simmons - You know why I'm pulling your leg? Because I can't touch it from where I am.
Gene Simmons - I like to approach every day like it's the only day I will ever have.
Gene Simmons - Music is feeling. You can try to verbalize it. It really just hits you or it doesn't.
Gene Simmons - Kiss is a Fourth of July fireworks show with a backbeat.
Gene Simmons - I was never interested in being a rock star. I always wanted to be Boris Karloff.
Gene Simmons - Life is too short to have anything but delusional notions about yourself.
Gene Simmons - Marriage is an institution, and you must be fully committed to it.
Gene Simmons - The root of all evil isn't money; rather, it's not having enough money.
Gene Tierney - Life is a little like a message in a bottle, to be carried by the winds and the tides.
Gene Tierney - Jealousy is, I think, the worst of all faults because it makes a victim of both parties.
Gene Tierney - I was going to live on my salary or go down swinging.
Gene Tierney - I had been offered a Hollywood contract before my 18th birthday. It gave me the spark I needed.
Gene Tierney - Some women feel the best cure for a broken heart is a new beau.
Gene Tierney - I was not cut out to be a rebel.
Gene Tierney - I admire anyone who rids himself of an addiction.
Gene Tierney - Trying to make order out of my life was like trying to pick up a jellyfish.
Gene Tierney - I'm not sure I can explain the nature of Jack Kennedy's charm, but he took life just as it came.
Gene Tierney - I knew I could not cope with the future unless I was able to rediscover the past.
Gene Wilder - I write funny. If I can make my wife laugh, I know I'm on the right track.
Gene Wilder - I had a unique form: a Non-Hodgkin's lymphoma.
Gene Wilder - I've had a very good life and a very good career. I have no regrets.
Gene Wilder - What good is a character who's always winking at the audience to let them in on the secret?
Gene Wilder - I don't like giving speeches. It makes me nervous.
Gene Wilder - I'm an actor, not a clown.
Gene Wilder - Pride is not the worst of sins. In fact, it's one of the most interesting ones.
Gene Wilder - I never used to believe in fate. I used to think you make your own life, and then you call it fate.
Gene Wilder - I've become pretty philosophical about a lot of things, including death. It doesn't get to me.
Gene Wilder - I've read everything printed in English that Freud has written. It helped me a great deal.
Geoff Dyer - It would be nice to turn off that incessant churning of consciousness.
Geoff Dyer - I think I can recognize when a piece is at a state of completion.
Geoff Dyer - Generally, I'm not anti the novel.
Geoff Dyer - In terms of behaving in a civic way, I feel my behavior is always exemplary.
Geoff Dyer - I love festivals, period.
Geoff Dyer - It really doesn't matter if it happened exactly how I say it happened.
Geoff Dyer - People never read my books for the quality of the documentary value.
Geoff Dyer - If you just take me as a fiction writer, then you're probably going to find me fairly limited.
Geoff Dyer - I really like to win at sport.
Geoff Dyer - I feel that form determines how readers read a book and how they judge it.
Geoff Mulgan - All of nationalism can be understood as a kind of collective narcissism.
Geoff Mulgan - Lots of creativity is and should be solitary.
Geoff Mulgan - The market turns out to be just one special case of collective decision-making.
Geoff Mulgan - Vigorous independent and critical media are indispensable in a democracy.
Geoff Mulgan - Huge sums are invested globally in medical research and development - and with good reason.
Geoff Mulgan - Adelaide is becoming a hub for higher education.
Geoff Mulgan - Spreading an idea is hard work.
Geoff Mulgan - People don't want charities to usurp the state as the core provider of social services.
Geoff Mulgan - A tablet replacing an exercise book is not innovation, it's just a different way to make notes.
Geoff Mulgan - All real capitalisms are impure hybrids, mongrels mixed with other strains.
Geoffrey Canada - Education is the only billion dollar industry that tolerates abject failure.
Geoffrey Canada - Teachers need to be paid like professionals.
Geoffrey Canada - We've gotta guarantee all of our kids an education.
Geoffrey Canada - Video games offer violent messages, and even the sports video games include taunting and teasing.
Geoffrey Canada - Middle-class families know education begins at birth.
Geoffrey Canada - There's not a day that goes by that I don't draw on my undergraduate background in psychology.
Geoffrey Canada - If you are a lousy teacher, you should be fired.
Geoffrey Canada - It is important to have permanent safe spaces in Harlem.
Geoffrey Canada - Lots of boys pick strong messages about who they are and who they want to be from the media.
Geoffrey Canada - Movies portray men as tough guys.
Geoffrey Chaucer - Time and tide wait for no man.
Geoffrey Chaucer - The greatest scholars are not usually the wisest people.
Geoffrey Chaucer - And she was fair as is the rose in May.
Geoffrey Chaucer - Love is blind.
Geoffrey Chaucer - People can die of mere imagination.
Geoffrey Chaucer - There's never a new fashion but it's old.
Geoffrey Chaucer - Nowhere so busy a man as he than he, and yet he seemed busier than he was.
Geoffrey Chaucer - He was as fresh as is the month of May.
Geoffrey Chaucer - By nature, men love newfangledness.
Geoffrey Chaucer - There's no workman, whatsoever he be, That may both work well and hastily.
Georg C. Lichtenberg - Doubt must be no more than vigilance, otherwise it can become dangerous.
Georg C. Lichtenberg - Man loves company - even if it is only that of a small burning candle.
Georg C. Lichtenberg - Men still have to be governed by deception.
Georg C. Lichtenberg - We have no words for speaking of wisdom to the stupid. He who understands the wise is wise already.
Georg C. Lichtenberg - Nothing is more conducive to peace of mind than not having any opinion at all.
Georg C. Lichtenberg - Perhaps in time the so-called Dark Ages will be thought of as including our own.
Georg C. Lichtenberg - Never undertake anything for which you wouldn't have the courage to ask the blessings of heaven.
Georg C. Lichtenberg - A person reveals his character by nothing so clearly as the joke he resents.
Georg C. Lichtenberg - One must judge men not by their opinions, but by what their opinions have made of them.
Georg C. Lichtenberg - The fly that doesn't want to be swatted is most secure when it lights on the fly-swatter.
Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel - Nothing great in the world has ever been accomplished without passion.
Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel - Mere goodness can achieve little against the power of nature.
Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel - The learner always begins by finding fault, but the scholar sees the positive merit in everything.
Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel - Truth in philosophy means that concept and external reality correspond.
Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel - Governments have never learned anything from history, or acted on principles deducted from it.
Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel - The history of the world is none other than the progress of the consciousness of freedom.
Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel - All that is real is reasonable, and all that is reasonable is real.
Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel - I'm not ugly, but my beauty is a total creation.
Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel - Too fair to worship, too divine to love.
Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel - World history is a court of judgment.
George A. Moore - A man travels the world over in search of what he needs and returns home to find it.
George A. Moore - Reality can destroy the dream; why shouldn't the dream destroy reality?
George A. Moore - The wrong way always seems the more reasonable.
George A. Moore - The difficulty in life is the choice.
George A. Moore - Taking something from one man and making it worse is plagiarism.
George A. Moore - Remorse: beholding heaven and feeling hell.
George A. Moore - A man of letters never objects to a slum. He sharpens his pen there.
George A. Moore - England produced Shakespeare, and the British Empire the six-shilling novel.
George A. Moore - An idea is so impersonal; it is yours today and the whole world's tomorrow.
George A. Moore - Art must be parochial in the beginning to be cosmopolitan in the end.
George A. Romero - I can't really make fun of zombies. They're not liars. They're not cheats.
George A. Romero - I always thought of the zombies as being about revolution, one generation consuming the next.
George A. Romero - I expect a zombie to show up on 'Sesame Street' soon, teaching kids to count.
George A. Romero - I'm like my zombies. I won't stay dead!
George A. Romero - I like guys who are understandable and good guys who are flawed.
George A. Romero - I'll never get sick of zombies. I just get sick of producers.
George A. Romero - I keep a little notebook of things that I can do to the zombies that might be silly and fun.
George A. Romero - Ever since 'Lassie' and 'Old Yeller', I won't watch animal movies. Animals in movies always die.
George A. Romero - The most realistic blood I've seen is when Marlon Brando gets beat up in On The Waterfront.
George A. Romero - Nothing's ever real until it's real.
George Allen, Sr. - Work hard, stay positive, and get up early. It's the best part of the day.
George Allen, Sr. - Forget the past - the future will give you plenty to worry about.
George Allen, Sr. - The tougher the job, the greater the reward.
George Allen, Sr. - Persevere and get it done.
George Allen, Sr. - Every day you waste is one you can never make up.
George Allen, Sr. - Winning is the science of being totally prepared.
George Allen, Sr. - If you want to catch more fish, use more hooks.
George Allen, Sr. - The achiever is the only individual who is truly alive.
George Allen, Sr. - Leisure time is that five or six hours when you sleep at night.
George Allen, Sr. - Every time you win, you're reborn; when you lose, you die a little.
George Best - Maybe 'loner' is too strong a word, but I've always enjoyed being on my own.
George Best - I was ill, and everyone could see it but me.
George Best - I used to go missing a lot... Miss Canada, Miss United Kingdom, Miss World.
George Best - I spent a lot of money on booze, birds and fast cars. The rest I just squandered.
George Best - Love is about mutual respect, apart from attraction.
George Best - I've stopped drinking, but only while I'm asleep.
George Best - That thing about being an icon, the fifth Beatle, I just found it so freaky.
George Best - Football is a sad game.
George Best - I always wanted more - more of everything.
George Best - If you make up your own mind, you can only blame yourself.
George Burns - Happiness is having a large, loving, caring, close-knit family in another city.
George Burns - You can't help getting older, but you don't have to get old.
George Burns - I'd rather be a failure at something I love than a success at something I hate.
George Burns - I'm at the age now where just putting my cigar in its holder is a thrill.
George Burns - If you live to be one hundred, you've got it made. Very few people die past that age.
George Burns - Don't stay in bed, unless you can make money in bed.
George Burns - Acting is all about honesty. If you can fake that, you've got it made.
George Burns - Retirement at sixty-five is ridiculous. When I was sixty-five I still had pimples.
George Burns - The most important thing in acting is honesty. If you can fake that, you've got it made.
George Burns - I spent a year in that town, one Sunday.
George Clooney - I enjoy going on motorcycle trips and stopping in small towns and enjoying drinks with the locals.
George Clooney - You have only a short period of time in your life to make your mark, and I'm there now.
George Clooney - The only failure is not to try.
George Clooney - We're picking on people we can beat.
George Clooney - I'm not smart enough and I don't know enough about what's going on.
George Clooney - There's no connection between al-Qaeda and Iraq.
George Clooney - I don't like to share my personal life... it wouldn't be personal if I shared it.
George Clooney - I'm really white trash.
George Clooney - I'm the flavor of the month.
George Clooney - I'm a Method actor. I spent years training for the drinking and carousing I had to do in this film.
George Foreman - I know from experience that you should never give up on yourself or others, no matter what.
George Foreman - Sure the fight was fixed. I fixed it with a right hand.
George Foreman - I look at my children and one thing I'm most proud of, in my heart, are my children.
George Foreman - You may have even an ex-wife or an ex-husband, but you can never have ex-children.
George Foreman - Boxing is like jazz. The better it is, the less people appreciate it.
George Foreman - My mother was watching on television and she doesn't want me to hurt anyone.
George Foreman - The question isn't at what age I want to retire, it's at what income.
George Foreman - My kids idea of a hard life is to live in a house with only one phone.
George Foreman - Put your name on something, it better be the best... you only get one shot.
George Foreman - The referee is going to be the most important person in the ring tonight besides the fighters.
George H. W. Bush - Read my lips: no new taxes.
George H. W. Bush - Old guys can still do fun things.
George H. W. Bush - I like a colorful sock. I'm a sock man.
George H. W. Bush - I have opinions of my own, strong opinions, but I don't always agree with them.
George H. W. Bush - It's no exaggeration to say that the undecideds could go one way or another.
George H. W. Bush - I am not one who - who flamboyantly believes in throwing a lot of words around.
George H. W. Bush - We are not the sum of our possessions.
George H. W. Bush - I'm conservative, but I'm not a nut about it.
George H. W. Bush - I think I'd be a better president because I was in combat.
George H. W. Bush - Gulf Lesson One is the value of airpower.
George Harrison - All the world is birthday cake, so take a piece, but not too much.
George Harrison - When you've seen beyond yourself, then you may find, peace of mind is waiting there.
George Harrison - With our love, we could save the world.
George Harrison - The Beatles will exist without us.
George Harrison - As far as I'm concerned, there won't be a Beatles reunion as long as John Lennon remains dead.
George Harrison - As long as you hate, there will be people to hate.
George Harrison - You've got as many lives as you like, and more, even ones you don't want.
George Harrison - It is better to be an outspoken atheist than a hypocrite.
George Harrison - Everything else can wait, but the search for God cannot wait.
George Harrison - I just got so fed up with the bad vibes. I didn't care if it was the Beatles; I was getting out.
George Henry Lewes - Originality is independence, not rebellion; it is sincerity, not antagonism.
George Henry Lewes - Insincerity is always weakness; sincerity even in error is strength.
George Henry Lewes - The only cure for grief is action.
George Henry Lewes - We must never assume that which is incapable of proof.
George Henry Lewes - Murder, like talent, seems occasionally to run in families.
George Henry Lewes - Science is the systematic classification of experience.
George Henry Lewes - The object of Literature is to instruct, to animate, or to amuse.
George Henry Lewes - Good writers are of necessity rare.
George Henry Lewes - Sincerity is moral truth.
George Henry Lewes - Literature delivers tidings of the world within and the world without.
George Herbert - Prayer should be the key of the day and the lock of the night.
George Herbert - One father is more than a hundred schoolmasters.
George Herbert - Storms make the oak grow deeper roots.
George Herbert - Living well is the best revenge.
George Herbert - If a donkey bray at you, don't bray at him.
George Herbert - Be thrifty, but not covetous.
George Herbert - Read as you taste fruit or savor wine, or enjoy friendship, love or life.
George Herbert - Good words are worth much, and cost little.
George Herbert - War makes thieves and peace hangs them.
George Herbert - Skill and confidence are an unconquered army.
George Jean Nathan - The path of sound credence is through the thick forest of skepticism.
George Jean Nathan - Love is the emotion that a woman feels always for a poodle dog and sometimes for a man.
George Jean Nathan - An optimist is a fellow who believes a housefly is looking for a way to get out.
George Jean Nathan - Love demands infinitely less than friendship.
George Jean Nathan - Bad officials are the ones elected by good citizens who do not vote.
George Jean Nathan - I drink to make other people interesting.
George Jean Nathan - No man can think clearly when his fists are clenched.
George Jean Nathan - Patriotism is often an arbitrary veneration of real estate above principles.
George Jean Nathan - Great art is as irrational as great music. It is mad with its own loveliness.
George Jean Nathan - What passes for woman's intuition is often nothing more than man's transparency.
George Lois - What Apple did for technology is brilliant, but they didn't do nothin' for our economy.
George Lois - There's no such thing as a cautious creative.
George Lois - I've done truth to power all my life. It's got me into trouble, but who cares?
George Lois - If you work with convictions, people have got to listen to you.
George Lois - When you create advertising, always start with the words.
George Lois - The whole area of creativity is constipated and frightened.
George Lois - Great advertising, in and of itself, becomes a benefit of the product.
George Lois - A truly great magazine cover surprises, even shocks, and connects in a nano-second.
George Lois - If you think people are dumb, you'll spend a lifetime doing dumb work.
George Lois - I look in the mirror, and I work with the brightest person I know.
George Lucas - You can't do it unless you can imagine it.
George Lucas - Whatever has happened in my quest for innovation has been part of my quest for immaculate reality.
George Lucas - Working hard is very important. You're not going to get anywhere without working extremely hard.
George Lucas - Good luck has its storms.
George Lucas - Storytelling is about two things; it's about character and plot.
George Lucas - I live a reasonably simple life, off the beaten track.
George Lucas - The secret to film is that it's an illusion.
George Lucas - I thought Star Wars was too wacky for the general public.
George Lucas - Learning to make films is very easy. Learning what to make films about is very hard.
George Lucas - Everybody has talent, it's just a matter of moving around until you've discovered what it is.
George M. Church - You can't just hoard your ideas inside the ivory tower. You have to get them out into the world.
George M. Church - People think it's great to be ahead of your time, but it can actually be quite painful.
George M. Church - I always loved computers - it's something inside you.
George M. Church - We might want to figure out what are the positive effects of autism - mild cases.
George M. Church - Making new petroleum should be as simple and straightforward as brewing beer.
George M. Church - The best way to predict the future is to change it.
George M. Church - I don't actually believe there's any such thing as privacy.
George M. Church - Your genetics is not your destiny.
George M. Church - Trees are essentially growing chairs. There are lots of primates that sit and sleep in them.
George M. Church - Reversal of ageing is high on my list of things to do, and not just because I'm getting old.
George MacDonald - To be trusted is a greater compliment than being loved.
George MacDonald - How strange this fear of death is! We are never frightened at a sunset.
George MacDonald - We die daily. Happy those who daily come to life as well.
George MacDonald - It is not the cares of today, but the cares of tomorrow, that weigh a man down.
George MacDonald - To keep a lamp burning we have to keep putting oil in it.
George MacDonald - Attitudes are more important than facts.
George MacDonald - Forgiveness is the giving, and so the receiving, of life.
George MacDonald - Anything large enough for a wish to light upon, is large enough to hang a prayer upon.
George MacDonald - Few delights can equal the presence of one whom we trust utterly.
George MacDonald - To have what we want is riches; but to be able to do without is power.
George McGovern - Empathy is born out of the old biblical injunction 'Love the neighbor as thyself.'
George McGovern - I'm fed up to the ears with old men dreaming up wars for young men to die in.
George McGovern - The longer the title, the less important the job.
George McGovern - I am 1,000 percent for Tom Eagleton and I have no intention of dropping him from the ticket.
George McGovern - The whole campaign was a tragic case of mistaken identity.
George McGovern - I am fed up with a system which busts the pot smoker and lets the big dope racketeer go free.
George McGovern - I always thought of myself as a good old South Dakota boy who grew up here on the prairie.
George McGovern - It really is true that an orator is simply a good man who speaks well.
George McGovern - I met my wife in South Dakota.
George McGovern - Now, I simply do what I want.
George Meredith - Don't just count your years, make your years count.
George Meredith - Who rises from prayer a better man, his prayer is answered.
George Meredith - I expect Woman will be the last thing civilized by Man.
George Meredith - She poured a little social sewage into his ears.
George Meredith - Caricature is rough truth.
George Meredith - Memoirs are the backstairs of history.
George Meredith - Cynicism is intellectual dandyism.
George Meredith - Possession without obligation to the object possessed approaches felicity.
George Meredith - Kissing don't last: cookery do!
George Meredith - Jealousy is love bed of burning snarl.
George Michael - You'll never find peace of mind until you listen to your heart.
George Michael - I think the media is a real demon.
George Michael - There's no comfort in the truth, pain is all you'll find.
George Michael - I have never felt any ethnic connection between the Greeks and me other than how hairy I am.
George Michael - I don't consider Americans bullies, but I do consider the American government bullying.
George Michael - I'm surprised that I've survived my own dysfunction, really.
George Michael - Celebrity and secrets don't go together. The bastards will get you in the end.
George Michael - I define my sexuality in terms of the people that I love.
George Michael - It's almost required with major artists that there's some duality. And I've got duality everywhere.
George Michael - The truth is my love life has been a lot more turbulent than I have let on.
George Osborne - I didn't come from a traditional Tory background; it was urban and metropolitan.
George Osborne - I would say I have taken substantive action to make things easier for people.
George Osborne - I think you can look at the British economy with confidence.
George Osborne - I want to see genuine talent rewarded.
George Osborne - Believe me, I understand that most higher rate taxpayers are not the super-rich.
George Osborne - Britain has no divine right to be one of the richest countries in the world.
George Osborne - The rise in world oil prices has been larger than anyone forecast.
George Osborne - Some things never change, suck up to the government and you get an honour.
George Osborne - Most successful politicians don't let the job swamp their lives.
George Osborne - Autism is a very serious condition.
George Packer - Pay attention to other people's nightmares because they might be contagious.
George Packer - It seems preposterous now, but Amazon began as a bookstore.
George Packer - America's vast population of working poor can only get so poor before even Walmart is out of reach.
George Packer - Millions don't rally to the banner of Uncertainty.
George Packer - A great writer requires a great biography, and a great biography must tell the truth.
George Packer - Politics demands certain skills honed by experience, just as journalism does, just as acting does.
George Packer - Everything seems set up for success in digital journalism - money, eyeballs, software, brands.
George Packer - It's a cliche that the Senate is broken, and like most cliches, it's true.
George Packer - How a candidate runs shapes how a president governs.
George Packer - Mark Zuckerberg has started an advocacy group for immigration reform.
George R. R. Martin - Nobody is a villain in their own story. We're all the heroes of our own stories.
George R. R. Martin - I prefer to work with grey characters rather than black and white.
George R. R. Martin - All fiction has to have a certain amount of truth in it to be powerful.
George R. R. Martin - Of course it's not enough to be a good man to be an effective ruler and it never has been.
George R. R. Martin - I suppose I'm a lapsed Catholic. You would consider me an atheist or agnostic.
George R. R. Martin - There has to be a level of joy of what you're doing.
George R. R. Martin - Writing is hard. I mean, I sit there and work at it.
George R. R. Martin - I have always been a dark writer.
George R. R. Martin - I have an instinctual distrust of conventional happy endings.
George R. R. Martin - Don't write outlines; I hate outlines.
George Saunders - We try, we fail, we posture, we aspire, we pontificate - and then we age, shrink, die, and vanish.
George Saunders - Nostalgia is, 'Hey, remember the other mall that used to be there?'
George Saunders - Irony is just honesty with the volume cranked up.
George Saunders - So I may not have had a gothic childhood, but childhood makes its own gothicity.
George Saunders - Character is that sum total of moments we can't explain.
George Saunders - It's funny with fiction - once you cut something, it hasn't happened anymore.
George Saunders - When I write I know that I'm going to have to produce 40 percent more than I need.
George Saunders - If you haven't read you don't have the voice. The lack of voice eliminates experience.
George Saunders - Back in 1992, I had my first story accepted by 'The New Yorker.'
George Saunders - Chekhov - shall I be blunt? - is the greatest short story writer who ever lived.
George Strait - I've had great fans, and they've been so loyal over the years.
George Strait - You don't have to be a cheater to sing a cheatin' song, that's what I'm saying.
George Strait - I want to reach the point where people hear my name and immediately think of real country music.
George Strait - I like people who are loyal to me, and I like to be loyal, too.
George Strait - You know, traditional country music is something that's going to be around forever.
George Strait - Sinatra, in my opinion, is possibly the greatest male singer of all time.
George Strait - If twang isn't what I do, I don't know what is.
George Strait - Bob Wills and the Texas Playboys are simply the best band that ever was.
George Strait - Country music is important to me, and I love it, but it's not my whole life.
George Strait - I think 'Beyond the Blue Neon' is the best I've ever done.
George Takei - I intend to live life, not just exist.
George Takei - Every time we had a hot war going on in Asia, it was difficult for Asian Americans here.
George Takei - My memories of camp - I was four years old to eight years old - they're fond memories.
George Takei - You know, I grew up in two American internment camps, and at that time I was very young.
George Takei - I marched back then - I was in a civil-rights musical, Fly Blackbird, and we met Martin Luther King.
George Takei - Well, the whole history of Star Trek is the market demand.
George Takei - I'm a civic busybody and I've been blessed with an active career.
George Takei - I've run the marathon several times, so I definitely don't look like the Great Ancestor!
George Takei - To do theater you need to block off a hunk of time.
George Takei - STAR TREK is a show that had a vision about a future that was positive.
George Vecsey - I love Boston. I love Fenway Park. I love Red Sox history. But in no way am I a Red Sox fan.
George Vecsey - I love hockey because of the respect for history and for the game itself.
George Vecsey - In New York, Kid Carter was pure vanilla for a city with stronger tastes.
George Vecsey - There may not be much future for the kind of sports column I did.
George Vecsey - Newspapers are the engines that drive the Web.
George Vecsey - Lots of ballplayers have their own personal music blasted by the sound systems in modern ball parks.
George Vecsey - Fans all have their memories of pennant races, good memories, sick memories.
George Vecsey - As my wife will attest, I do not shop casually.
George Vecsey - Most descriptions make Beijing sound overbuilt: not a blade of grass left.
George Vecsey - There is nothing wrong with athletes coming back from retirement.
George Wald - I have lived much of my life among molecules. They are good company.
George Wald - Nuclear weapons offer us nothing but a balance of terror, and a balance of terror is still terror.
George Wald - A physicist is an atom's way of knowing about atoms.
George Wald - The only use for an atomic bomb is to keep somebody else from using one.
George Wald - Our business is with life, not death.
George Wald - I tell my students to try early in life to find an unattainable objective.
George Wald - I am growing old, and my future, so to speak, is already behind me.
George Wald - Dropping those atomic bombs on Hiroshima and Nagasaki was a war crime.
George Wald - A scientist should be the happiest of men.
George Wald - We are the products of editing, rather than of authorship.
George Whitefield - To preach more than half an hour, a man should be an angel himself or have angels for hearers.
George Whitefield - We are immortal until our work on earth is done.
George Whitefield - Take care of your life and the Lord will take care of your death.
George Whitefield - Fight the good fight of faith, and God will give you spiritual mercies.
George Whitefield - Mere heathen morality, and not Jesus Christ, is preached in most of our churches.
George Whitefield - Press forward. Do not stop, do not linger in your journey, but strive for the mark set before you.
George Whitefield - The Judge is before the door: he that cometh will come, and will not tarry: his reward is with him.
George Whitefield - At the day of judgment we shall all meet again.
George Whitefield - The reason why the Son of God took upon him our nature, was, the fall of our first parents.
George Whitefield - No, the religion of Jesus is a social religion.
George Will - The future has a way of arriving unannounced.
George Will - Voters don't decide issues, they decide who will decide issues.
George Will - If your job is to leaven ordinary lives with elevating spectacle, be elevating or be gone.
George Will - Conservatives define themselves in terms of what they oppose.
George Will - There may be more poetry than justice in poetic justice.
George Will - Pessimism is as American as apple pie - frozen apple pie with a slice of processed cheese.
George Will - Being elected to Congress is regarded as being sent on a looting raid for one's friends.
George Will - The pursuit of perfection often impedes improvement.
George Will - All politicians are to some extent salesmen.
George Will - The strongest continuous thread in America's political tradition is skepticism about government.
Georges Bernanos - The first sign of corruption in a society that is still alive is that the end justifies the means.
Georges Bernanos - Hope is a risk that must be run.
Georges Bernanos - No one ever discovers the depths of his own loneliness.
Georges Bernanos - Hell, madam, is to love no longer.
Georges Bernanos - A poor man with nothing in his belly needs hope, illusion, more than bread.
Georges Bernanos - It is the perpetual dread of fear, the fear of fear, that shapes the face of a brave man.
Georges Bernanos - The modern state no longer has anything but rights; it does not recognize duties any more.
Georges Bernanos - Faith is not a thing which one 'loses', we merely cease to shape our lives by it.
Georges Bernanos - It's a fine thing to rise above pride, but you must have pride in order to do so.
Georges Bernanos - Who are you to condemn another's sin? He who condemns sin becomes part of it, espouses it.
Gerald R. Ford - Tell the truth, work hard, and come to dinner on time.
Gerald R. Ford - I know I am getting better at golf because I am hitting fewer spectators.
Gerald R. Ford - I am a Ford, not a Lincoln.
Gerald R. Ford - When a man is asked to make a speech, the first thing he has to decide is what to say.
Gerald R. Ford - My fellow Americans, our long national nightmare is over.
Gerald R. Ford - Our constitution works. Our great republic is a government of laws, not of men.
Gerald R. Ford - I would hope that understanding and reconciliation are not limited to the 19th hole alone.
Gerald R. Ford - If Lincoln were alive today, he'd be turning over in his grave.
Gerald R. Ford - I have had a lot of adversaries in my political life, but no enemies that I can remember.
Gerald R. Ford - I had a lot of experience with people smarter than I am.
Geraldine Ferraro - You people married to Italian men, you know what it's like.
Geraldine Ferraro - You don't have to have fought in a war to love peace.
Geraldine Ferraro - President Reagan's one-liners were terrific.
Geraldine Ferraro - What are my sources of strength? My husband and my three kids, my health-care team, and my religion.
Geraldine Ferraro - If you think somebody cares about you and believes your life is worth saving, how can you give up?
Geraldine Ferraro - Vice president - it has such a nice ring to it!
Geraldine Ferraro - I don't like to practice ahead of time what I'm going to say.
Geraldine Ferraro - If you ask me a question, don't tell me what the question is in advance, 'cause I'd rather not know.
Geraldine Ferraro - I didn't look very sensitive and they didn't know me very well.
Geraldine Ferraro - I didn't serve on a committee that dealt with foreign policy.
Gerard Butler - I love doing the stunts. It's as simple as that.
Gerard Butler - I wear a lot of Brioni and Ferragamo and Dolce, all of those kind of things.
Gerard Butler - I had to prove myself to a lot of different people.
Gerard Butler - I went from somebody who didn't sing to somebody who didn't speak.
Gerard Butler - Manscaping and all of that is not my thing. I'm more of the Clint Eastwood kind of guy.
Gerard Butler - Funnily enough, when I originally went in for my screen test, that set was already built.
Gerard Butler - My manager and my agents, they go over my contracts.
Gerard Butler - I always find stuff in my characters to relate to.
Gerard Butler - 9/11 was basically caused by box cutters, and that changed the world.
Gerard Butler - I have literally run into 20 people all around the world with my face tattooed on them.
Gerard Way - I'm not psycho... I just like psychotic things.
Gerard Way - Cigarettes and coffee: an alcoholic's best friend!
Gerard Way - 'The Black Parade' is an epic, theatrical, orchestral, big record that is also a concept album.
Gerard Way - You should love yourself.
Gerard Way - The clearest actions come from truth, not obligation.
Gerard Way - My Chemical Romance is done. But it can never die.
Gerard Way - The only thing I learnt in high school is that people are very violent and territorial.
Gerard Way - My music is - I don't want to say my main focus, but it's what comes most naturally to me.
Gerard Way - It is often my nature to be abstract, hidden in plain sight, or nowhere at all.
Gerard Way - Heroes are ordinary people who make themselves extraordinary.
Germaine Greer - You're only young once, but you can be immature forever.
Germaine Greer - Revolution is the festival of the oppressed.
Germaine Greer - The management of fertility is one of the most important functions of adulthood.
Germaine Greer - Freud is the father of psychoanalysis. It had no mother.
Germaine Greer - The tragedy of machismo is that a man is never quite man enough.
Germaine Greer - Act quickly, think slowly.
Germaine Greer - One may not reach the dawn save by the path of the night.
Germaine Greer - There is no such thing as security. There never has been.
Germaine Greer - The essence of pleasure is spontaneity.
Germaine Greer - I didn't fight to get women out from behind vacuum cleaners to get them onto the board of Hoover.
Gerry Adams - We have to make sure the Good Friday Agreement works.
Gerry Adams - But I also hold the very strong view that republicans need to lead by example.
Gerry Adams - The catalyst for much of this change is the growing support for republicanism.
Gerry Adams - One man's transparency is another's humiliation.
Gerry Adams - Making peace, I have found, is much harder than making war.
Gerry Adams - The days of humiliation, of second-class citizens and of inequality are over and gone forever.
Gerry Adams - If you militarise a situation, you beg for an armed response.
Gerry Adams - The Irish Republican Army has kept every commitment made by its leadership.
Gerry Adams - You can only judge anything that happened in the times, in the times that that happened.
Gerry Adams - For good or ill, I'm a person of leadership. I do my best. I don't dodge responsibility.
Gerry Cooney - Am I complicated? Nah, I'm interesting. I just like having a good time.
Gerry Cooney - I've spent most of my life in prison. I was a prisoner of my fear and my low self-esteem.
Gerry Cooney - Boxing was not the sport that I thought is was due to all the politics.
Gerry Cooney - I am seeing all the guys, like Earnie Shavers, Tex Cobb, and Larry Holmes all the time.
Gerry Cooney - When somebody used to compliment me, I'd spend 10 minutes trying to talk them out of it.
Gerry Cooney - I feel like a pro now. Before I fought Holmes, I felt like a rookie.
Gerry Cooney - The past is yesterday. I'm looking forward to tomorrow.
Gerry Cooney - Drug abuse is a very difficult disease.
Gerry Cooney - I see Mike Tyson as too strong for Spinks.
Gerry Cooney - I've had a long, long road with lots of ups and downs. But that's all behind me now.
Gerry Harvey - Importantly, I still give money to homeless people - and all other charities.
Gerry Harvey - There are plenty of people smarter than you by a long way. I just got lucky.
Gerry Harvey - There is no Internet business in furniture or bedding. Zero - practically in the world.
Gerry Harvey - I still have a fear about going broke. I always think about it.
Gerry Harvey - People don't just come to work to make money; they need satisfaction.
Gerry Harvey - I believe you should help people.
Gerry Harvey - I am a commonsense sort of a person, and I don't get carried away with emotion and fears.
Gerry Harvey - What I think is that we should be helping people so they can reach an even greater potential.
Gerry Harvey - I'll be amazed in my lifetime if my business gets to being 5 per cent online.
Gerry Harvey - That's not in my nature to run away - I'll stand up and fight.
Gertrude Stein - Everybody gets so much information all day long that they lose their common sense.
Gertrude Stein - Rose is a rose is a rose is a rose.
Gertrude Stein - The deepest thing in any one is the conviction of the bad luck that follows boasting.
Gertrude Stein - What is the answer? In that case, what is the question?
Gertrude Stein - It is the soothing thing about history that it does repeat itself.
Gertrude Stein - Everyone gets so much information all day long that they lose their common sense.
Gertrude Stein - A diary means yes indeed.
Gertrude Stein - This is the lesson that history teaches: repetition.
Gertrude Stein - Before the flowers of friendship faded friendship faded.
Gertrude Stein - America is my country and Paris is my hometown.
GG Allin - My demons and I are not compatible. We never have been and never will be.
GG Allin - My demons, inner strengths and physical battles have guided me through life.
GG Allin - You are what you are.
GG Allin - Rock'n'roll has to be destroyed and rebuilt in my name if it's ever gonna accomplish anything.
GG Allin - I hate everybody.
GG Allin - No one comes to my shows so they'll feel safe and comfortable.
GG Allin - I believe I am the highest power, absolutely.
GG Allin - I am in control at all times.
GG Allin - I'd like to see anyone do what I do for one week.
GG Allin - I believe you can make forces of good and evil work for you, to get what you want.
Gia Coppola - So many of the kids on television have really nice clothes, perfect skin and hair.
Gia Coppola - Chanel is a brand that is so inspiring.
Gia Coppola - I wanted to be a bartender for a bit.
Gia Coppola - I have a lot of game apps I need to delete.
Gia Coppola - I like the pharmacy makeup. I always get stuck in that aisle... I've always liked looking at it.
Gia Coppola - I've been going to the same person for haircuts since I was thirteen.
Gia Coppola - Now that I'm older, I have a much better appreciation of nature, and I love being alone.
Gia Coppola - It's great because all of my friends from elementary school are still my closest friends.
Gia Coppola - You can't host an Italian film festival without Marcello Mastroianni. It just doesn't feel right.
Gia Coppola - I love to play with the gadgets that come with film.
Giada De Laurentiis - Pasta doesn't make you fat. How much pasta you eat makes you fat.
Giada De Laurentiis - I have been blessed with a good, fun, and wonderful life, but I've also seen a whole lot of pain.
Giada De Laurentiis - Everything in moderation.
Giada De Laurentiis - I grew up in the kitchen, mostly with my grandfather, my mother and my aunt Raffy.
Giada De Laurentiis - I'm most comfortable in T-shirts, but they have to have some style to them.
Giada De Laurentiis - My mother and I, our favorite part of any baked pasta is the top, where the cheese gets crusty.
Giada De Laurentiis - Talking to other people while you're cooking, it doesn't come naturally.
Giada De Laurentiis - I think you can tell the food is close to my heart, too, because I'm doing what I do best.
Giada De Laurentiis - Attitudes toward food have completely changed.
Giada De Laurentiis - I was so nervous to turn 40, but the last year and a half has been the most fun I have ever had.
Gianni Versace - In the past, people were born royal. Nowadays, royalty comes from what you do.
Gianni Versace - It is nice to have valid competition; it pushes you to do better.
Gianni Versace - I have a fantastic relationship with money. I use it to buy my freedom.
Gianni Versace - I like the body. I like to design everything to do with the body.
Gianni Versace - I'm a little like Marco Polo, going around and mixing cultures.
Gianni Versace - Designing came to me. I didn't have to move.
Gianni Versace - I am not interested in the past, except as the road to the future.
Gianni Versace - My dream was always to be a composer, but fashion came very easily.
Gianni Versace - I try to contrast; life today is full of contrast... We have to change.
Gianni Versace - I think it's the responsibility of a designer to try to break rules and barriers.
Gil Scott-Heron - My songs were always about the tone of voice rather than the words.
Gil Scott-Heron - Our accomplishments show what kind of people we are.
Gil Scott-Heron - The revolution that takes place in your head, nobody will ever see that.
Gil Scott-Heron - You have to learn and keep learning.
Gil Scott-Heron - Every show that sells out is like a hero's welcome for me.
Gil Scott-Heron - I cannot afford to watch Fox News.
Gil Scott-Heron - Womenfolk raised me, and I was full-grown before I knew I came from a broken home.
Gil Scott-Heron - If you aren't having no fun, die, because you're running a worthless program, far as I'm concerned.
Gil Scott-Heron - I am honestly not sure how capable I am of love. And I'm not sure why.
Gil Scott-Heron - I was a piano player before I was a poet.
Gilbert Baker - We needed something to express our joy, our beauty, our power. And the rainbow did that.
Gilbert Baker - What the rainbow has given our people is a thing that connects us.
Gilbert Baker - A rainbow is something in the sky, so a rainbow flag fits.
Gilbert Baker - The rainbow flag is a symbol of freedom and liberation that we made for ourselves.
Gilbert Baker - I was afraid my family would lock me up and give me electroshock. I was a screaming queen.
Gilbert Baker - My parents and I didn't speak for 10 years. It took a long time to rebuild that relationship.
Gilbert Baker - That's really how I ended up making the first flag - I was the guy who could sew it.
Gilbert Baker - When I fell in love, all the shame and guilt I carried with me for years suddenly vanished.
Gilbert Baker - Flags are about proclaiming power... that visibility is key to our success and to our justice.
Gilbert Baker - Flags say something. You put a rainbow flag on your windshield, and you're saying something.
Gilbert Gottfried - Well, I'm eventually gonna take the Daryl Hannah parts.
Gilbert Gottfried - No, generally I think influence is used as a nice word for plagiarism.
Gilbert Gottfried - Well, I play Jews and parrots. Parrots are how I've branched out.
Gilbert Gottfried - Unfortunately, I've never been mistaken as Johnny Depp.
Gilbert Gottfried - If the police ever try to pick me up, Michael Jackson told me I can hide out at his house.
Gilbert Gottfried - I would show up at a party for Al Qaeda if you said there's going to be a dinner.
Gilbert Gottfried - You never know what people will choose to be offended by.
Gilbert Gottfried - I'd make Jack Benny look like a philanthropist.
Gilbert Gottfried - I'm used to explaining to people why my jokes were funny.
Gilbert Gottfried - If someone else is paying for it, food just tastes a lot better.
Gilda Radner - Some stories don't have a clear beginning, middle and end.
Gilda Radner - I base most of my fashion taste on what doesn't itch.
Gilda Radner - Dreams are like paper, they tear so easily.
Gilda Radner - I can always be distracted by love, but eventually I get horny for my creativity.
Gilda Radner - There is no real security except for whatever you build inside yourself.
Gilda Radner - Adopted kids are such a pain - you have to teach them how to look like you.
Gilda Radner - I'm so full I can't hear.
Gilda Radner - Having cancer gave me membership in an elite club I'd rather not belong to.
Gilda Radner - I would say that Lucy, 'I Love Lucy,' she was my idol.
Gilda Radner - Fame changes a lot of things, but it can't change a lightbulb.
Gillian Jacobs - 'Fresh Air' I listen to, like, every day.
Gillian Jacobs - I'm not conservative, but I am kind of clean living in my own life.
Gillian Jacobs - You can convey a lot of emotion with just some eyebrows and mouth movement.
Gillian Jacobs - Nobody knows what the future is except for wizards.
Gillian Jacobs - I like the 'Moth' podcast a lot. I listen to that.
Gillian Jacobs - A lot of my friends are guys, so I'm used to bro antics.
Gillian Jacobs - I troll Instagram, Style.com, Elle.com.
Gillian Jacobs - Things are never simple when it comes to the human heart.
Gillian Jacobs - We're all slight hypocrites who fall short of our ideals.
Gillian Jacobs - We all wish there were more 'Bridesmaids' out there.
Gina Bellman - I love those connections that make this big old world feel like a little village.
Gina Bellman - Any friendship or relationship is about a language.
Gina Bellman - I don't like crowds or attention.
Gina Bellman - French cinema allows women to look... a certain way and be talented at the same time.
Gina Bellman - I love acting, and I have no desire to direct.
Gina Bellman - I am a big comedy fan, having been in 'Coupling.'
Gina Bellman - My all-time favourite programme is 'Seinfeld;' I could just sit and watch that over and over again.
Gina Bellman - One of the things you have to get used to, working on a TV show, is filming out of sync.
Gina Bellman - Every name in a TV show has to be run by the legal department first.
Gina Bellman - My mother always said I should have a back-up profession if the acting doesn't work out.
Gina Gershon - Size counts. That's all.
Gina Gershon - You don't quite know how drunk you are until all of a sudden you're on the floor.
Gina Gershon - My best attribute is knowing when not to answer stupid questions.
Gina Gershon - Feeding is a very important ritual for me. I don't trust people who don't like to eat.
Gina Gershon - I always find people who are unique very attractive.
Gina Gershon - Struggling at anything that you want to be doing is hard.
Gina Gershon - The critics tend to forget their own answers after a while.
Gina Gershon - I learned a lot about critics, not to really take them too seriously about movies.
Gina Gershon - I don't have any blonde friends.
Gina Gershon - In any profession, there's a sleazy side and an honorable side.
Gina Raimondo - The single greatest under-utilized resource we have as a nation is women and girls.
Gina Raimondo - We know businesses can't compete without reliable infrastructure.
Gina Raimondo - I fall into the camp that income inequality is the biggest problem we face.
Gina Raimondo - The public library is where I studied. It's where my grandfather taught himself English.
Gina Raimondo - We have to slowly, carefully, and thoughtfully align all of our interests.
Gina Raimondo - My vision for a better Rhode Island starts with a simple idea - we are all in this together.
Gina Raimondo - The difference between a dream and a goal is a deadline.
Gina Raimondo - I care about buses and libraries and schools and roads and education.
Gina Raimondo - We need a collective moment where we commit ourselves to long-term solutions.
Gina Raimondo - We've just got to keep going. More. More work, more action, more results.
Ginger Rogers - My love for ice cream emerged at an early age - and has never left!
Ginger Rogers - Looking back at my life's voyage, I can only say that it has been a golden trip.
Ginger Rogers - I try to feed my hunger rather than my appetite.
Ginger Rogers - When two people love each other, they don't look at each other, they look in the same direction.
Ginger Rogers - The only way to enjoy anything in this life is to earn it first.
Ginger Rogers - I yearned for a long, happy marriage with one person.
Ginger Rogers - Only I know my life.
Ginger Rogers - Gossip is hardly uplifting.
Ginger Rogers - The kids today, they think they can dance with their faces.
Ginger Rogers - People are still people no matter how you cut it.
Ginni Rometty - Don't let others define you. You define yourself.
Ginni Rometty - Growth and comfort do not coexist.
Ginni Rometty - Never love something so much that you can't let go of it.
Ginni Rometty - Be first and be lonely.
Ginni Rometty - If you're clear on what you believe, you have a great foundation to go make a market.
Ginni Rometty - I learned to always take on things I'd never done before.
Ginni Rometty - When you remove layers, simplicity and speed happen.
Ginni Rometty - Every part of your business will change based on what I consider predictive analytics of the future.
Ginni Rometty - I think, given who the IBM target company is, I feel our purpose is to be essential to our clients.
Ginni Rometty - Don't protect your past. Don't protect your products.
Giorgio Moroder - I don't think there is too much art involved in what I do.
Giorgio Moroder - The disco sound, you must see, is not art or anything so serious.
Giorgio Moroder - Phil Ramone is very special. Barbra Streisand or Diana Ross... they are the best.
Giorgio Moroder - I would not be happy to do what I do unless I felt that the large audience wanted it.
Giorgio Moroder - Disco is music for dancing, and people will always want to dance.
Giorgio Moroder - My music was typically continental - nothing like, say, The Beatles.
Giorgio Moroder - I am much more happy doing what I know I can do than what I am not sure I could do.
Giorgio Moroder - I have to admit, I do not listen to much rock music.
Giorgio Moroder - I am reluctant to judge things without being informed.
Giorgio Moroder - I am certainly not racist; I even like the British.
Gisele Bundchen - I feel like when people judge me they're not judging me, because they don't know who I am.
Gisele Bundchen - Sometimes siblings can get in each other's space.
Gisele Bundchen - It's unfortunate that in an interview sometimes things can seem so black and white.
Gisele Bundchen - People think if you look after yourself you're being selfish, you know.
Gisele Bundchen - As long as I'm a good person and I do things from the heart, that's all that matters.
Gisele Bundchen - I'm not an actress, you know. I don't know what's going on. And I'm supposed to be the villain.
Gisele Bundchen - I am a huge fan of big cotton underpants; they're comfortable. I wear them every day.
Gisele Bundchen - I love outdoor sports, like volleyball, and I play them whenever I can.
Gisele Bundchen - Children are like little angels - there's no way you can't love them.
Gisele Bundchen - I'm a very hyper person.
Glenn Beck - We all have our inner demons.
Glenn Beck - Without failure there is no sweetness in success. There's no understanding of it.
Glenn Beck - Remember, beneath every cynic there lies a romantic, and probably an injured one.
Glenn Beck - I believe that if we get out of people's way, the sky's the limit. The sky is the limit.
Glenn Beck - I am a conservative, but I am not a zombie.
Glenn Beck - Political Correctness doesn't change us, it shuts us up.
Glenn Beck - What we don't have a right to is healthcare, housing, or handouts. We don't have those rights.
Glenn Beck - If you have a priest that is pushing social justice, go find another parish. Go alert your bishop.
Glenn Beck - You can get rich making fun of me. I know. I've made lots of money making fun of me.
Glenn Beck - We just put General Motors in the hands of people who can't even run our own government.
Glenn Danzig - To some people heavy metal is Motorhead and to others it's Judas Priest.
Glenn Danzig - I just told you I wasn't a Satanist.
Glenn Danzig - I was bringing my attitude as a regular person 'cause this is my attitude.
Glenn Danzig - But unfortunately, I have to say, one out of every 100 interviews I do, I get a real journalist.
Glenn Danzig - Of course, I started really being a comics fan with the underground stuff in the '70s.
Glenn Danzig - Yeah, now we publish whenever we feel like it.
Glenn Danzig - We still have pretty good sales, especially for the art books.
Glenn Danzig - We've had a lot of agencies try and sabotage our tour.
Glenn Danzig - I'm just saying that at least for the foreseeable future there won't be any more touring.
Glenn Danzig - I know they are going to be doing a box set in Europe of Danzig 5 and 6 and some other stuff.
Gloria Estefan - The sad truth is that opportunity doesn't knock twice.
Gloria Estefan - Motherhood is... difficult and... rewarding.
Gloria Estefan - You've got to believe. Never be afraid to dream.
Gloria Estefan - You can put things off until tomorrow but tomorrow may never come.
Gloria Estefan - Whatever it is your heart desires, please go for it, it's yours to have.
Gloria Estefan - A lot of the way I sing is playing off other musicians. It's what I love to do the most.
Gloria Estefan - We seal our fate with the choices we take, but don't give a second thought to the chances we take.
Gloria Estefan - I have a very open line of communication with both my children.
Gloria Estefan - We protect aspirin bottles in this country better than we protect guns from accidents by children.
Gloria Estefan - In this life, I'm always going to choose the positive.
Gloria Macapagal Arroyo - I sow; my successor reaps. This is the majesty of democracy.
Gloria Macapagal Arroyo - In the time one is given, the steward must make the most of the talents one is given by the Lord.
Gloria Macapagal Arroyo - Now I ask you to make your sacrifice. Take a gamble. I took the plunge and I'm glad of it.
Gloria Macapagal Arroyo - I'm not worried. I'm in control.
Gloria Macapagal Arroyo - The roof cannot collapse when the value pillars of government and society are sound and strong.
Gloria Macapagal Arroyo - In the harshest possible terms, I condemn political killings.
Gloria Macapagal Arroyo - We must weed out corruption and build a strong system of justice that the people can trust.
Gloria Macapagal Arroyo - In my presidency I've been guided by what's right, not what's popular.
Gloria Macapagal Arroyo - Filipino businessmen must have the ability to compete freely in the global economy.
Gloria Macapagal Arroyo - I can say that I have not done any culpable violation of the constitution.
Gloria Swanson - At 26 I felt myself a victim rather than a victor in the realm of pictures.
Gloria Swanson - Life and death. They are somehow sweetly and beautifully mixed, but I don't know how.
Gloria Swanson - I've given my memoirs far more thought than any of my marriages. You can't divorce a book.
Gloria Swanson - As Daddy said, life is 95 percent anticipation.
Gloria Swanson - By the time I was 15, my mother had turned me into a real clotheshorse.
Gloria Swanson - My mother and I could always look out the same window without ever seeing the same thing.
Gloria Swanson - Nobody gets anything for nothing.
Gloria Swanson - One of the networks sent me a TV set to watch. I didn't care for the medium. It depressed me.
Gloria Swanson - Tennessee Williams was a gifted talker with a beautiful accent and we had lots of things in common.
Gloria Swanson - The English press treated the world premiere of my first talking picture as a major event.
Golda Meir - One cannot and must not try to erase the past merely because it does not fit the present.
Golda Meir - You'll never find a better sparring partner than adversity.
Golda Meir - Those who don't know how to weep with their whole heart, don't know how to laugh either.
Golda Meir - Don't be humble... you're not that great.
Golda Meir - Pessimism is a luxury that a Jew can never allow himself.
Golda Meir - We Jews have a secret weapon in our struggle with the Arabs; we have no place to go.
Golda Meir - The dog that trots about finds a bone.
Golda Meir - We don't thrive on military acts. We do them because we have to, and thank God we are efficient.
Golda Meir - I must govern the clock, not be governed by it.
Golda Meir - To be successful, a woman has to be much better at her job than a man.
Goldie Hawn - I have witnessed the softening of the hardest of hearts by a simple smile.
Goldie Hawn - The biggest lesson we have to give our children is truth.
Goldie Hawn - So curiosity, I think, is a really important aspect of staying young or youthful.
Goldie Hawn - A body smiles, like, 72 times a day. Where does that smile go? That's what I want to know.
Goldie Hawn - One way to feel good about yourself is to love yourself... to take care of yourself.
Goldie Hawn - Ditzy dumb blonde? I can be ditzy. I can be.
Goldie Hawn - I'm not afraid of my femininity and I'm not afraid of my sexuality.
Goldie Hawn - To find someone who loves your children like you do is really rare.
Goldie Hawn - We have to embrace obstacles to reach the next stage of joy.
Goldie Hawn - I believe having religion in your life creates the potential for long-lasting relationships.
Gordon B. Hinckley - Without hard work, nothing grows but weeds.
Gordon B. Hinckley - Every good citizen adds to the strength of a nation.
Gordon B. Hinckley - The smallest gesture can mean to much to those who may need a little lift in their lives.
Gordon B. Hinckley - Every sacrament meeting ought to be a spiritual feast.
Gordon B. Hinckley - Conflict grows out of ignorance and suspicion.
Gordon B. Hinckley - A tattoo is graffiti on the temple of the body.
Gordon B. Hinckley - Keep your families close together, and love and honor your children.
Gordon B. Hinckley - Eternal vigilance is the price of eternal development.
Gordon B. Hinckley - You will find peace and happiness if you will live the gospel.
Gordon B. Hinckley - Life is precious. Life is sacred. And it ought so to be observed.
Gordon Brown - When something really matters, you should never give up or give in.
Gordon Brown - When things are difficult, you have to be sure of who you are and what you want to achieve.
Gordon Brown - There is nothing that you could say to me now that I could ever believe.
Gordon Brown - People believe in the power of education to change lives.
Gordon Brown - You have to live in the future, not the past.
Gordon Brown - I'm a father; that's what matters most. Nothing matters more.
Gordon Brown - Globalisation feels like a runaway train, out of control.
Gordon Brown - Famously, I'm somewhat impatient.
Gordon Brown - For centuries, individuals have been learning how to live with their next-door neighbours.
Gordon Brown - I believe that our vote is both a public duty and a sacred trust.
Gordon Ramsay - Cooking today is a young man's game, I don't give a bollocks what anyone says.
Gordon Ramsay - Kitchens are hard environments and they form incredibly strong characters.
Gordon Ramsay - When you cook under pressure you trade perfection.
Gordon Ramsay - I hid myself in food.
Gordon Ramsay - I am what I am. A fighter.
Gordon Ramsay - I cook, I create, I'm incredibly excited by what I do, I've still got a lot to achieve.
Gordon Ramsay - The minute you start compromising for the sake of massaging somebody's ego, that's it, game over.
Gordon Ramsay - They say cats have nine lives. I've had 12 already and I don't know how many more I'll have.
Gordon Ramsay - No one saw the recession coming.
Gordon Ramsay - If I relaxed, if I took my foot off the gas, I would probably die.
Grace Jones - I was skinny as a rail and had high cheekbones and a very interesting face - or so I was told.
Grace Jones - I've turned down millions of dollars to go on reality TV. It's an absolute no-go.
Grace Jones - I never thought I was going to be a singer. That was an accident.
Grace Jones - I like to think of myself as a positive person. Otherwise I wouldn't have had a child.
Grace Jones - One creates oneself.
Grace Jones - You can't expect your children to be perfect.
Grace Jones - I don't collaborate. You're born alone, you die alone, you get on stage alone.
Grace Jones - I'm not a rock star; I'm a soft person.
Grace Jones - I'm always rebelling. I don't think I'll ever stop.
Grace Jones - Normally, I stay away from politics - unless I'm going to run for president.
Grace Slick - You don't have to wear fur. They make such great fakes. There's no reason to kill an animal.
Grace Slick - No matter how big or soft or warm your bed is, you still have to get out of it.
Grace Slick - If I were gay, life would be a lot simpler. I'm kind of annoyed that I'm not.
Grace Slick - Things change so fast, you can't use 1971 ethics on someone born in 1971.
Grace Slick - Anyone who's 71 years old would look ridiculous singing rock.
Grace Slick - I don't want to see old people doing rap or rock and roll. It makes me cringe.
Grace Slick - When you get older, it's not about what you did that you regret, it's what you didn't do.
Grace Slick - I do what I love to do, what I choose to do.
Grace Slick - Death is like taking an intermission when you can't come back. I like living and being around.
Grace Slick - I'm a commercial artist, both in music and art.
Graham Greene - Human nature is not black and white but black and grey.
Graham Greene - Sentimentality - that's what we call the sentiment we don't share.
Graham Greene - There is always one moment in childhood when the door opens and lets the future in.
Graham Greene - When we are not sure, we are alive.
Graham Greene - They are always saying God loves us. If that's love I'd rather have a bit of kindness.
Graham Greene - Heresy is another word for freedom of thought.
Graham Greene - Innocence is like a dumb leper who has lost his bell, wandering the world, meaning no harm.
Graham Greene - In human relationships, kindness and lies are worth a thousand truths.
Graham Greene - Media is just a word that has come to mean bad journalism.
Graham Greene - Reality in our century is not something to be faced.
Graydon Carter - Every man in the back of their minds would like to own a bar or a racehorse.
Graydon Carter - Magazines at some point become hostage to their own success.
Graydon Carter - Television has the obvious benefits of regularity and intimacy.
Graydon Carter - To a young kid growing up in Canada, America seemed to be crazy about the future; dazzled by it.
Graydon Carter - I actually don't know how magazines are produced, I'll be honest with you. I have no idea.
Graydon Carter - Life is all about seating and lighting.
Graydon Carter - We really care about photography at 'Vanity Fair.'
Graydon Carter - History is nothing if not an epic tale of missed opportunities.
Graydon Carter - I think Americans, more so than any other culture, love second and third acts.
Graydon Carter - The shelf life of a movie actor or actress is so short, it's like milk.
Greg Boyle - Even gang members imagine a future that doesn't include gangs.
Greg Boyle - Ours is a God who waits. So who are we not to?
Greg Boyle - I kinda don't do guilt. I gave it up for Lent years ago.
Greg Boyle - I'm the priest who has been mistaken for an ATM machine.
Greg Boyle - I have never seen a hopeful person join a gang.
Greg Boyle - Young people can change and grow. Every parent knows that.
Greg Boyle - Redemption is possible, and it is the measure of a civilized society.
Greg Boyle - You are exactly what God had in mind when he made you.
Greg Boyle - You are so much more than the worst thing you've ever done.
Greg Boyle - The margins don't get erased by simply insisting that the powers-that-be erase them.
Greg Gutfeld - Travel like a pro, not like a hobo. That's my motto.
Greg Gutfeld - Getting mad only leads to madness.
Greg Gutfeld - It's pointless to get all huffy about stuff.
Greg Gutfeld - I've said it before: If Queen had died and reincarnated as one person, it would be Devin Townsend.
Greg Gutfeld - For trance music to be good, it has to sneak up on you.
Greg Gutfeld - Trump says what he thinks at that moment. He's a totem pole of transparency.
Greg Gutfeld - As the Left demean law-abiding gun owners, they turn flaccid when faced with the armed felon.
Greg Gutfeld - Youthful impatience obscures the endless potential for joy that's standing right in front of you.
Greg Gutfeld - Wherever socialism spread, misery followed - and still follows.
Greg Gutfeld - Before there was radical Islam, immigration and terror didn't mix.
Greg Rucka - Heroes are defined by their villains - Batman is nothing if he doesn't have Two-Face.
Greg Rucka - I love doing research. It's like cheating, but with permission.
Greg Rucka - I love 'The Omen,' just as a piece of plotting.
Greg Rucka - I think Batman has the Wolverine problem. I think he's overexposed.
Greg Rucka - I am the product of Denny O'Neil in many ways, I carry forth a lot of what Denny instilled in me.
Greg Rucka - I come from a prose background. I come from short story background, and that led me into novels.
Greg Rucka - I write characters. Some of those characters are women.
Greg Rucka - I'm a Caucasian American Jew. These are all things that make up who I am.
Greg Rucka - Character is made up of a variety of different things. One of those elements is gender.
Greg Rucka - My college senior thesis was going to be on the American private investigator.
Greg Rutherford - I do a lot of things like running hills and larger amounts of reps in the gym.
Greg Rutherford - It's all about proving it on the track and proving to people that have different views wrong.
Greg Rutherford - To put up with me, you have to be patient.
Greg Rutherford - I've not received any major sponsorship deals or anything else.
Greg Rutherford - Over the years, I've had torrid luck with things going wrong.
Greg Rutherford - I'm excited by going 85 mph, head-first, down an ice track.
Greg Rutherford - I'm never happy to settle.
Greg Rutherford - Ultimately, I love the sport; I love doing what I do.
Greg Rutherford - I was always the slightly fat kid, which used to bother me quite a bit.
Greg Rutherford - My dad is a builder, and my mum's a nurse. They're just very normal people.
Gregg Allman - I play every show like it's my last. Fortunately, that's never turned out to be the case.
Gregg Allman - Gotta take my puppy on the road with me, Killer.
Gregg Allman - I didn't think we would ever make enough money to pay rent by playing music.
Gregg Allman - I got Jimmy Hall from Wet Willie and he also plays now with Hank Williams Jr.
Gregg Allman - I have been going to the gym instead of the bar, trying to get back down to my fighting weight.
Gregg Allman - The Beatles had just come out, and everybody had a band. It was incredible competition out there.
Gregg Allman - There are as many ways to write songs as there are songs.
Gregg Allman - I've come to the conclusion that I'm not supposed to be married.
Gregg Allman - Before I got into rock n' roll, I was going to be a dentist.
Gregg Allman - Duane Allman was the best guitar player I ever heard who didn't read a note.
Gregory Bateson - Science, like art, religion, commerce, warfare, and even sleep, is based on presuppositions.
Gregory Bateson - Language commonly stresses only one side of any interaction.
Gregory Bateson - All experience is subjective.
Gregory Bateson - Money is always transitively valued. More money is supposedly always better than less money.
Gregory Bateson - It is impossible, in principle, to explain any pattern by invoking a single quantity.
Gregory Bateson - Logic is a poor model of cause and effect.
Gregory Bateson - We do not know enough about how the present will lead into the future.
Gregory Bateson - Every move we make in fear of the next war in fact hastens it.
Gregory Bateson - Logic can often be reversed, but the effect does not precede the cause.
Gregory Bateson - Number is different from quantity.
Greta Garbo - If you are blessed, you are blessed, whether you are married or single.
Greta Garbo - I wish I were supernaturally strong so I could put right everything that is wrong.
Greta Garbo - Is there anything better than to be longing for something, when you know it is within reach?
Greta Garbo - If only those who dream about Hollywood knew how difficult it all is.
Greta Garbo - There is no one who would have me - I can't cook.
Greta Garbo - Life would be so wonderful if we only knew what to do with it.
Greta Garbo - My talents fall within definite limitations. I am not as versatile an actress as some think.
Greta Garbo - Anyone who has a continuous smile on his face conceals a toughness that is almost frightening.
Greta Garbo - This is where I have wasted the best years of my life.
Greta Garbo - I want to be alone.
Gretchen Rubin - If you've had something for more than six months, and it's still not repaired, it's clutter.
Gretchen Rubin - One of my most important 'Secrets of Adulthood': Outer order contributes to inner calm.
Gretchen Rubin - Getting paperwork under control makes me feel more in control of my life generally.
Gretchen Rubin - Children's literature is one of my joys, and it's also my mental comfort food.
Gretchen Rubin - Accept yourself and expect more from yourself.
Gretchen Rubin - Working is one of the most dangerous forms of procrastination.
Gretchen Rubin - I always feel calmer when I exercise. In fact, that's probably the main reason I exercise.
Gretchen Rubin - I get such a buzz out of cleaning closets.
Gretchen Rubin - I'm much calmer when there's no TV or music playing in the background.
Gretchen Rubin - In 'Happier at Home,' I write a lot about my struggle to create an unhurried atmosphere at home.
Grimes - The most valuable live thing for me is when people look like they're having a good time.
Grimes - If I'm a bad mood, I can't go on stage and smile.
Grimes - I'm a very nervous, shy person.
Grimes - I'm against spending money to record.
Grimes - I can't censor myself; it's really important for me to say how I feel.
Grimes - I was incredibly unpopular in high school but also extremely notorious.
Grimes - I'm not, like, a natural performer. It's sort of a thing that I've had to learn to do.
Grimes - Especially with music, people want confidence.
Grimes - Success, for me, is a song that can deliver shivers.
Grimes - Basically, I'm really impressionable and have no sense of consistency in anything I do.
Grover Norquist - Hypocrisy is the tribute that vice pays to virtue.
Grover Norquist - Our goal is to shrink government to the size where we can drown it in a bathtub.
Grover Norquist - The tax issue is the most powerful issue in American politics going back to the Tea Party.
Grover Norquist - Compromise is moving in the right directlon more slowly than one might like.
Grover Norquist - Obsessions turn people off.
Grover Norquist - Being married is kind of like being a Ken-doll; you don't get to dress yourself anymore.
Grover Norquist - The statists want to control the economy.
Grover Norquist - My ideal citizen is the self-employed, homeschooling, IRA-owning guy with a concealed-carry permit.
Grover Norquist - When I was younger, I thought of myself as a Nixon Republican because he was the anti-Communist.
Grover Norquist - Not continuing a tax cut is not technically a tax increase.
Gugu Mbatha-Raw - I'm interested in playing lots of different complex women.
Gugu Mbatha-Raw - You have to be able to appreciate who you are.
Gugu Mbatha-Raw - Speaking as a mixed-race woman, there aren't many historical stories about people like me.
Gugu Mbatha-Raw - When I was nine, 'The Borrowers' was such a big series for me!
Gugu Mbatha-Raw - I think there are parts of myself in every character I play.
Gugu Mbatha-Raw - I try not to define myself. Other people are going to do that for you anyway.
Gugu Mbatha-Raw - I played Dorothy in 'The Wizard of Oz.' That was my first role on stage.
Gugu Mbatha-Raw - In 2009, I was living in London and getting work I enjoyed.
Gugu Mbatha-Raw - I feel like I learn in every project.
Gugu Mbatha-Raw - I feel like my work has been incredibly diverse.
Guru Nanak - Let no man in the world live in delusion. Without a Guru none can cross over to the other shore.
Guru Nanak - Through shallow intellect, the mind becomes shallow, and one eats the fly, along with the sweets.
Guru Nanak - Riches cannot be gathered without sin and evil means.
Guru Nanak - I am neither a child, a young man, nor an ancient; nor am I of any caste.
Guru Nanak - I bow at His Feet constantly, and pray to Him, the Guru, the True Guru, has shown me the Way.
Guru Nanak - One cannot comprehend Him through reason, even if one reasoned for ages.
Guru Nanak - I am not the born; how can there be either birth or death for me?
Guru Nanak - From its brilliancy everything is illuminated.
Guru Nanak - Thou has a thousand eyes and yet not one eye; Thou host a thousand forms and yet not one form.
Guru Nanak - Let God's grace be the mosque, and devotion the prayer mat. Let the Quran be the good conduct.
Gus Van Sant - Free time keeps me going.
Gus Van Sant - I was once a shameless, full-time dope fiend.
Gus Van Sant - For all the boredom the straight life brings, it's not too bad.
Gus Van Sant - I mean, I think I'm pretty sentimental.
Gus Van Sant - There's always a risk if you don't do things the way you've done things before.
Gus Van Sant - I'm normally drawn to something I haven't done and seen before.
Gus Van Sant - Usually people just hire me.
Gus Van Sant - When you get to be 23, 24 or 25, you start to freeze up and become an adult.
Gus Van Sant - Sometimes, the people who are helping you can drop the ball.
Gus Van Sant - Everything's changing so fast that it's sometimes hard to keep up.
Gustav Mahler - A symphony must be like the world. It must contain everything.
Gustav Mahler - I am hitting my head against the walls, but the walls are giving way.
Gustav Mahler - It should be one's sole endeavor to see everything afresh and create it anew.
Gustav Mahler - Fortunately, something always remains to be harvested. So let us not be idle.
Gustav Mahler - I don't let myself get carried away by my own ideas - I abandon 19 out of 20 of them every day.
Gustav Mahler - Don't bother looking at the view - I have already composed it.
Gustav Mahler - If you think you're boring your audience, go slower not faster.
Gustav Mahler - It is strange how one feels drawn forward without knowing at first where one is going.
Gustav Mahler - If a composer could say what he had to say in words he would not bother trying to say it in music.
Gustav Mahler - I hope you will no longer accuse me of a lack of delicacy. as I now count on your understanding.
Gustave Flaubert - The art of writing is the art of discovering what you believe.
Gustave Flaubert - There is no truth. There is only perception.
Gustave Flaubert - Success is a consequence and must not be a goal.
Gustave Flaubert - Nothing is more humiliating than to see idiots succeed in enterprises we have failed in.
Gustave Flaubert - I believe that if one always looked at the skies, one would end up with wings.
Gustave Flaubert - Exuberance is better than taste.
Gustave Flaubert - Artists who seek perfection in everything are those who cannot attain it in anything.
Gustave Flaubert - Poetry is as precise a thing as geometry.
Gustave Flaubert - Of all lies, art is the least untrue.
Gustave Flaubert - The more humanity advances, the more it is degraded.
Guy Fieri - Short of screaming-hot Thai food, everything can be suitable for kids too.
Guy Fieri - No matter how tough the meat may be, it's going to be tender if you slice it thin enough.
Guy Fieri - You can find tranquility, you can find party, you can find new friends. I'm a cruise convert.
Guy Fieri - There are three people you need in life: an accountant, a fishmonger, and a bail bondsman.
Guy Fieri - If you looked in my fridge, you'd see maybe 12 different mustards.
Guy Fieri - I wake up in the morning thinking about food.
Guy Fieri - Some people are just born to cook and talk.
Guy Fieri - You don't have to eat a whole cheeseburger, just take a piece of the cheeseburger.
Guy Fieri - Losing my sister to cancer was... That was the worst thing in the world, man.
Guy Fieri - In Japanese, sushi does not mean raw fish. It means seasoned rice.
Guy Kawasaki - If you have to put someone on a pedestal, put teachers. They are society's heroes.
Guy Kawasaki - Patience is the art of concealing your impatience.
Guy Kawasaki - Great companies start because the founders want to change the world... not make a fast buck.
Guy Kawasaki - Evangelism is selling a dream.
Guy Kawasaki - A good idea is about ten percent and implementation and hard work, and luck is 90 percent.
Guy Kawasaki - Ambitious failure, magnificent failure, is a very good thing.
Guy Kawasaki - Entrepreneurship is not for everyone.
Guy Kawasaki - Social media allows me to pick my times for social interaction.
Guy Kawasaki - I do have a peripatetic and active intellectual curiosity.
Guy Kawasaki - Entitlement is the opposite of enchantment.
Gwen Ifill - Hope springs eternal, even in politics.
Gwen Ifill - Can't disagree with the need for a grasp of history.
Gwen Ifill - The common agenda both sides seem to share is: Whatever works.
Gwen Ifill - Is it unreasonable to have proof of citizenship when entering another country?
Gwen Ifill - On immigration, there are a lot of hurdles before anything arrives at the White House.
Gwen Ifill - Did I say that the President's entire job is image management? Of course not.
Gwen Ifill - Tony Blair - good thing there are not parliamentary elections in this country.
Gwen Ifill - I got my first job by exceeding expectations.
Gwen Ifill - Hyperbole is not easily dealt with. Usually, it collapses under its own weight.
Gwen Ifill - My job as a reporter is not to know what I think.
Gwen Stefani - Life is short and you've got to get the most out of it.
Gwen Stefani - At a certain point I'm going to want to have a family.
Gwen Stefani - Writing songs is super intimate. It's a bit like getting naked.
Gwen Stefani - Being in a band you can wear whatever you want - it's like an excuse for Halloween every day.
Gwen Stefani - Everything works out how it should.
Gwen Stefani - I don't have a strong sense of self-worth unless I'm doing something.
Gwen Stefani - I think I've been able to fool a lot of people because I know I'm a dork. I'm a geek.
Gwen Stefani - I'm lucky to not have a real job, to be able to express myself, be creative and be relevant.
Gwen Stefani - I want to be a guy, but I want to wear a lot of makeup.
Gwen Stefani - Sometimes you have to sacrifice your performance for high heels.
Gwendoline Christie - I think everyone loves a slash of red lipstick.
Gwendoline Christie - Rory McCann is an amazing actor and a very strong man.
Gwendoline Christie - I don't know, so much of women's femininity is tied up with their hair.
Gwendoline Christie - My father always said, 'You can do anything a man can do.'
Gwendoline Christie - I'd love to work with Lena Headey, Alfie Allen, Charles Dance. I'd love to work with Peter Dinklage.
Gwendoline Christie - My pseudonym is 'George R. R. Martin.' That guy's just an actor.
Gwendoline Christie - I describe my personal style as 'mythic space horse with chocolate box tendencies.'
Gwendoline Christie - If I were amazing with a sword, I wouldn't care about the tender things in life.
Gwendoline Christie - The whole format of 'Game of Thrones' is that you just don't know what to expect.
Gwendoline Christie - People come up to me and say, 'You look so much better in real life.'
Gwyneth Paltrow - I'm not sure how healthy bacon is in general, but I know it's incredibly delicious.
Gwyneth Paltrow - My father, he was like the rock, the guy you went to with every problem.
Gwyneth Paltrow - I have a very highly developed sense of denial.
Gwyneth Paltrow - Beauty, to me is about being comfortable in your own skin.
Gwyneth Paltrow - The older I get, the more open-minded I get, the less judgmental I get.
Gwyneth Paltrow - The Jewish part of me is superstitious.
Gwyneth Paltrow - Sometimes when things you love get really commercial, you end up feeling betrayed by it.
Gwyneth Paltrow - Because I was newly pregnant, I was sick as a dog, yet I knew all my lines from a year before.
Gwyneth Paltrow - I try to avoid barbecue potato chips. They're my weakness.
Gwyneth Paltrow - When I pass a flowering zucchini plant in a garden, my heart skips a beat.
Gyorgy Ligeti - If you come from Paris to Budapest you think you are in Moscow.
Gyorgy Ligeti - But if you go from Moscow to Budapest you think you are in Paris.
Gyorgy Ligeti - My grandfather was not a musician but he was an artist - a painter, a decorative painter.
Gyorgy Ligeti - I listen to all kinds of music - new music, old music, music of my colleagues, everything.
Gyorgy Ligeti - Stravinsky used Mother Goose. He was influenced by Mother Goose, indirectly, but very beautifully.
Gyorgy Ligeti - But I do not want to use Hungarian verses for British people.
Gyorgy Ligeti - I don't read such boring things. Life is too short.
Gyorgy Ligeti - In January 1944 I was called up by the Forced Labor Service, but I deserted on October 10, 1944.
Gyorgy Ligeti - I lived under the Nazis and under the Communists.
Gyorgy Ligeti - I know already the music I will write. But the words? I have not yet decided.
H. Rap Brown - They cannot divide us by saying that you're middle class or you're lower class.
H. Rap Brown - And understand: class differences will not save you.
H. Rap Brown - I say violence is necessary. It is as American as cherry pie.
H. Rap Brown - Revolution comes when human beings set out to correct decadent institutions.
H. Rap Brown - When you understand your obligations to God then you can understand your obligations to society.
H. Rap Brown - You've got to stop dividing yourselves. You got to organize.
H. Rap Brown - Yes, politics IS war without bloodshed; and war is an extension of those politics.
H. Rap Brown - See, justice is a joke in this country, and it stinks of its hypocricy.
H. Rap Brown - See, it's no in between: you're either free or you're a slave.
H. Rap Brown - One of the lies that we tell ourselves is that we're making progress; but Huey's chair's empty.
Haile Gebrselassie - I haven't done a marathon for a long time. So we'll see. I will need good luck.
Haile Gebrselassie - I have to change a lot of things before I become a good marathon runner.
Haile Gebrselassie - I wanted to experience New York, to look up and see buildings.
Haile Gebrselassie - My father didn't think running was sensible. He told me running is just wasting time.
Haile Gebrselassie - If you're planning only to make money and nothing else, you'll be broke.
Haile Gebrselassie - I'm never satisfied.
Haile Gebrselassie - Once you have commitment, you need the discipline and hard work to get you there.
Haile Gebrselassie - I think if you come first with a new world record, that is the best.
Haile Gebrselassie - I used to run to school, 10k every day. And this at altitude, perfect preparation, really.
Haile Gebrselassie - When you promise something, you must fulfill it.
Hailee Steinfeld - My mom taught me to live by the three p's: to always be passionate, persistent, and prepared.
Hailee Steinfeld - Everything I do now is a first.
Hailee Steinfeld - When I was 13, I looked like I could play 16, and I wasn't mature enough to play 16.
Hailee Steinfeld - It's hard not to love everything Prada does.
Hailee Steinfeld - It needs to be said and heard: it's OK to be who you are.
Hailee Steinfeld - Every girl wishes she was Juliet in some version of their life.
Hailee Steinfeld - The idea of revenge coming from a 14-year-old girl isn't, you know, exactly right.
Hailee Steinfeld - I was just another girl.
Hailee Steinfeld - Facebook is my life.
Hailee Steinfeld - I love the film route and I'm gong to try my hardest to stay on it.
Hakeem Olajuwon - My type of basketball is about how to create space, how to maneuver, how to get your shot off.
Hakeem Olajuwon - God comes first. Paradise is not cheap.
Hakeem Olajuwon - I always keep a ball in the car. You never know.
Hakeem Olajuwon - I remember at the 1996 Olympics in Atlanta, Shaq always wanted me to show him steps over and over.
Hakeem Olajuwon - My background playing soccer gave me a natural advantage over many of the American-born players.
Hakeem Olajuwon - Basketball is in my blood. It is my obligation to try.
Hakeem Olajuwon - I'm the kind of person who always wants more.
Hakeem Olajuwon - The key to fashion is, you don't want to look like you're trying. You've gotta be natural.
Hakeem Olajuwon - I've now been in this country for thirteen years, since I was seventeen. So this is my second home.
Hakeem Olajuwon - I'm shy, but sometimes my voice is so clear and strong.
Hal Sparks - It's better to waste money, than it is to waste time. You can always get more money.
Hal Sparks - Sometimes I play guitar like a frustrated drummer.
Hal Sparks - Jerry Springer' is just kind of the chubby, redneck version of throwing Christians to the lions.
Hal Sparks - I try to be as ignorant about things as I can.
Hal Sparks - Anyone who still supports George Bush would still let Michael Jackson babysit their kids.
Hal Sparks - If I have anything, it's tenacity.
Hal Sparks - Political and social change is always a stagger-step process.
Hal Sparks - Truth be told, ginormous portions have become a pet peeve of mine.
Hal Sparks - It's better to waste money than time. You can always get more money.
Hal Sparks - I've been doing stand-up since I was 15 years old.
Halle Berry - I spent a lot of time with a crown on my head.
Halle Berry - My whole life I've had the fear that I was going to be abandoned.
Halle Berry - I think it's always best to be who you are.
Halle Berry - I carried my Oscar to bed with me. My first and only three-way happened that night.
Halle Berry - I like Doritos. I'm usually watching 'The Biggest Loser' eating Doritos.
Halle Berry - I'm just going to live my life and be who I am.
Halle Berry - A person's self-esteem has nothing to do with how she looks.
Halle Berry - I'm a much better mother at 46... than if I were like, 21 or 25.
Halle Berry - I'm not sad at all about turning 40.
Halle Berry - By the time I left school, I had a lot of tenacity.
Halsey - I wear my personality on my sleeve, for sure, and my look is constantly changing because so am I.
Halsey - The hardest thing about writing my second album is that I had 20 years to write my first album.
Halsey - You can be accessible without catering to an audience.
Halsey - I have to remember for every kid saying something awful, there's a kid saying something great.
Halsey - I'm not actually even a very good singer. I'm not.
Halsey - People are so afraid to talk about real things, but they're experiences that everyone goes through.
Halsey - I love pop music, but at the same time, I'm seeking to write whatever I'm organically inclined to.
Halsey - That's one thing the musicians don't remember: you don't choose your demographic - they choose you.
Halsey - When I was in high school, I was a bad kid and a good student.
Halsey - People around me like me the best when I'm depressed because I'm a bit more passive.
Halston Sage - My favorite weekend activity is riding bikes to breakfast.
Halston Sage - I always start the day by washing my face and moisturizing.
Halston Sage - The whole experience on 'Grown Ups 2' was like going to adult summer camp.
Halston Sage - I love dogs. I have a Golden Doodle and an Alaskan Klee Kai.
Halston Sage - New York City is my favorite city in the world.
Halston Sage - I'm 20 years old, and I still love love. I hope I'm sweet. Just your everyday girl.
Halston Sage - Things I say are sometimes silly.
Halston Sage - My dad is afraid of my laugh.
Halston Sage - 'Girl, Interrupted' is one of my favorite movies.
Halston Sage - I did grow up reading the 'Twilight' books. I feel guilty, but I was always Team Edward.
Hamza Yusuf - All of the people are the dependents of Allah.
Hamza Yusuf - Live your lives. Go out; take walks amongst trees.
Hamza Yusuf - Islam was hijacked on that September 11, 2001, on that plane, as an innocent victim.
Hamza Yusuf - Katrina did much more damage than anything the terrorists could ever put together.
Hamza Yusuf - People can't think when their minds are clouded with fear.
Hamza Yusuf - America is about choices, including those to live certain lifestyles.
Hamza Yusuf - I know that people can live celibate lives. I did it myself for many years.
Hamza Yusuf - If you don't have religious fallibilism, you have immense problems.
Hamza Yusuf - You don't fight ideas with bombs.
Hamza Yusuf - I think that the idea of a war on an abstract noun is unacceptable.
Hank Azaria - Godzilla's a monster for the '90s. He's been working out.
Hank Azaria - When you're on a series that's been cancelled, there's a little bit of a stink on you.
Hank Azaria - I've been doing silly voices since I was a child.
Hank Azaria - Just watching Jack Lemmon made me want to get into this business.
Hank Azaria - I love acting, but I want to explore other things.
Hank Azaria - There's no experience like on-the-job training.
Hank Azaria - I had kind of sworn off network TV a while ago.
Hank Azaria - When you do well in a movie that's seen as really great, you're revitalized for six weeks.
Hank Azaria - I bartended for a catering company for two or three years.
Hank Azaria - I'm very happy I get to keep working - it's an insanely fortunate thing.
Hanna Rosin - If men can quilt and take over the kitchen, then women can pick up a wrench and fix a leaky pipe.
Hanna Rosin - The modern economy is becoming a place where women hold the cards.
Hanna Rosin - I could do a franchise for the end of everything. 'The End of Dogs,' 'The End of Cats.'
Hanna Rosin - Factories not what they used to be - they're all extremely high-tech.
Hanna Rosin - There is no 'natural' order, only the way things are.
Hanna Rosin - Feminism was about making women's lives less constrained and giving them more choices.
Hanna Rosin - Pop culture is like our subconscious.
Hanna Rosin - Women are choosing to stay single rather than marry men who can't step up and provide.
Hanna Rosin - Men need marriage more than women do. In fact, they need it to survive.
Hanna Rosin - You need to prepare the child you have for the world that exists.
Hannah Simone - Working opposite Max Greenfield is the best job in the world. He's just incredible.
Hannah Simone - Once you get a kitten, the natural thing you do is take a billion photos.
Hannah Simone - My mom used to call me a parrot, because the way I spoke would change in every country we'd go to.
Hannah Simone - 'Curvy' is just a polite way of saying 'fat.'
Hannah Simone - You can't force chemistry. It's either there or it's not. You can't create it.
Hannah Simone - Flirting is funny. And it's awkward and weird.
Hannah Simone - I am passionate about human rights.
Hannah Simone - I've been on stage since I was eight.
Hannah Simone - It comes down to personal style, and that's what's sexy and attractive in a man.
Hannah Simone - I have an extended family of close friends, guy and girls.
Hannibal Buress - Comedy is basically self-deprecation.
Hannibal Buress - I like that Barack got that job.
Hannibal Buress - I like getting 'Times' articles online. But the actual paper just has too many words.
Hannibal Buress - In my hometown of Chicago, I'm kind of a medium deal.
Hannibal Buress - 'SNL' is the first real job I've held for more than a month and a half.
Hannibal Buress - With sitcom writing, you're trying to write stories.
Hannibal Buress - I can work as a writer, but I wanted to do stand-up.
Hannibal Buress - I haven't really tried to write a movie. It's tough to get into that mode.
Hannibal Buress - I really like Halal food.
Hannibal Buress - I'd like to be remembered as good person and as one of the best comedians of my generation.
Hans Hofmann - Every art expression is rooted fundamentally in the personality and temperament of the artist.
Hans Hofmann - Through a painting we can see the whole world.
Hans Hofmann - The whole world, as we experience it visually, comes to us through the mystic realm of color.
Hans Hofmann - The ability to simplify means to eliminate the unnecessary so that the necessary may speak.
Hans Hofmann - A work of art is a world in itself reflecting senses and emotions of the artist's world.
Hans Hofmann - Painters must speak through paint, not through words.
Hans Hofmann - It is not the form that dictates the color, but the color that brings out the form.
Hans Hofmann - Being inexhaustible, life and nature are a constant stimulus for a creative mind.
Hans Hofmann - In nature, light creates the color. In the picture, color creates the light.
Hans Hofmann - Art cannot result from sophisticated, frivolous, or superficial effects.
Hansika Motwani - Whenever I am asked about my personal relationships, I politely reply, 'No comments.'
Hansika Motwani - I need to thank my director, producers, and artists as well crew members of all my projects.
Hansika Motwani - The only time my workout goes a little haywire is when I'm travelling.
Hansika Motwani - Even when I turn 60, they'll call me a child actor.
Hansika Motwani - There is no point in pointing fingers because there are three fingers pointing back at you.
Hansika Motwani - Everyone has a breakup in their lives, and I think everyone should experience love.
Hansika Motwani - Fame gives you a high.
Hansika Motwani - Asked to choose between money and fame, I'd choose the latter every time.
Hansika Motwani - I hate interference, and I don't interfere in others' lives.
Hansika Motwani - I always give importance to scripts first, and remuneration is something that comes later.
Harlan Coben - Make no mistake, adolescence is a war. No one gets out unscathed.
Harlan Coben - More than once, I've wished my real life had a delete key.
Harlan Coben - A novel is like a sausage. You might like the final taste but you don't want to see how it was made.
Harlan Coben - Hope can be the most wonderful thing in the world or it can crush your heart like an eggshell.
Harlan Coben - I'm not very happy idle. There's always this voice in my head that says, 'I should be writing.'
Harlan Coben - If I didn't write, I'd be like a duvet cover; I have no other marketable skills.
Harlan Coben - In real life, coincidences happen all the time. In novels, they are leapt upon with fury.
Harlan Coben - Tragedy is a hell of a teacher. It's much too strict, but it's a hell of a teacher.
Harlan Coben - I'm thinking of taking up golf, but the idea of spending time with golfers frightens me.
Harlan Coben - Only bad writers think they're good.
Harmony Korine - Cinema sustains life. It captures death in its progress.
Harmony Korine - I had a guidance counsellor who made me take an aptitude test, and told me I should be a bricklayer.
Harmony Korine - What I remember myself from films, and what I love about films, is specific scenes and characters.
Harmony Korine - I've started lots of books, but it's hard for me to finish them.
Harmony Korine - I tried college and I hated that. I seem to quit everything I do.
Harmony Korine - I never feel like there's any one point to the film, to anything, to any of the movies I've made.
Harmony Korine - I was free when I was 12 because I got my first skateboard. I've been free ever since.
Harmony Korine - Sometimes, when you watch people play a video game, they seem lost in this wormhole, or in a trance.
Harmony Korine - I've always - honestly - never thought of myself as an independent director.
Harmony Korine - I've just always liked watching people dance. I can't explain it. It used to just make me laugh.
Harold Ford, Jr. - If you don't meet the standards, then you don't qualify.
Harold Ford, Jr. - To say that I am pro life is just wrong. I am personally pro-choice and legislatively pro-choice.
Harold Ford, Jr. - Public service is a part of who I am, having grown up in a family of politicians.
Harold Ford, Jr. - Killing terrorists is cheaper than capturing them.
Harold Ford, Jr. - I am a Yankees fan. I should say - have been to more Yankees games than Mets games.
Harold Ford, Jr. - I am a Democrat. But I am an independent Democrat.
Harold Ford, Jr. - I love New York, I love the smell of New York... I love the subway.
Harold Ford, Jr. - One bipartisan policy tradition is to deny Americans the use of our own resources.
Harold Ford, Jr. - I either run or try to play basketball every day.
Harold Ford, Jr. - I'm in an interracial marriage.
Harold Pinter - It's so easy for propaganda to work, and dissent to be mocked.
Harold Pinter - Apart from the known and the unknown, what else is there?
Harold Pinter - One way of looking at speech is to say it is a constant stratagem to cover nakedness.
Harold Pinter - Good writing excites me, and makes life worth living.
Harold Pinter - A short piece of work means as much to me as a long piece of work.
Harold Pinter - Beckett had an unerring light on things, which I much appreciated.
Harold Pinter - I think it is the responsibility of a citizen of any country to say what he thinks.
Harold Pinter - I think that NATO is itself a war criminal.
Harold Pinter - Most of the press is in league with government, or with the status quo.
Harold Pinter - One's life has many compartments.
Harold Prince - Throwing money at something doesn't really create - forgive me that onerous word - art.
Harold Prince - I'm always glad to see somebody rethink something rather than reproduce something I did.
Harold Prince - I love big, bold, truthful theater - the tradition of Victorian theater.
Harold Prince - I really don't spend time thinking about the past. I think about the future. I'm not stopping.
Harold Prince - I wouldn't want to be just pigeonholed as an extravagant director.
Harold Prince - I've seen a lot of 'Show Boats,' but I've never seen the one that thoroughly satisfies me.
Harold Prince - You do a show to be a hit and hopefully run a couple of years.
Harold Prince - The perfect expression of receiving a lifetime award is to be working when they're handing it out.
Harold Prince - Criticism is valuable... and self-congratulatory experiences are not.
Harold Prince - Despite the successes, you remember the failures - rather lovingly.
Harold Ramis - I never work just to work. It's some combination of laziness and self-respect.
Harold Ramis - How one handles success or failure is determined by their early childhood.
Harold Ramis - I never read Playboy before I started working there and stopped reading it the day I quit.
Harold Ramis - Nothing reinforces a professional relationship more than enjoying success with someone.
Harold Ramis - We are all several different people. There are different aspects of our nature that are competing.
Harold Ramis - I always claim that the writer has done 90 percent of the director's work.
Harold Ramis - I had a lot of fun working with John Candy. We had a pretty good rapport.
Harold Ramis - I'd like to think I'd never do a gratuitous fart joke.
Harold Ramis - I'm not a believer in the pratfall. I don't think it's funny just to have someone fall down.
Harold Ramis - No matter what I have to say, I'm still trying to say it in comedic form.
Harold S. Geneen - Leadership is practiced not so much in words as in attitude and in actions.
Harold S. Geneen - Leadership cannot really be taught. It can only be learned.
Harold S. Geneen - Uncertainty will always be part of the taking charge process.
Harold S. Geneen - Management must manage!
Harold S. Geneen - It is much more difficult to measure nonperformance than performance.
Harold S. Geneen - Performance stands out like a ton of diamonds. Nonperformance can always be explained away.
Harold S. Geneen - He suffered from paralysis by analysis.
Harold S. Geneen - You can't run a business or anything else on a theory.
Harold S. Geneen - Management manages by making decisions and by seeing that those decisions are implemented.
Harold S. Geneen - If your desk isn't cluttered, you probably aren't doing your job.
Harriet Beecher Stowe - Never give up, for that is just the place and time that the tide will turn.
Harriet Beecher Stowe - The bitterest tears shed over graves are for words left unsaid and deeds left undone.
Harriet Beecher Stowe - Any mind that is capable of real sorrow is capable of good.
Harriet Beecher Stowe - The past, the present and the future are really one: they are today.
Harriet Beecher Stowe - Friendships are discovered rather than made.
Harriet Beecher Stowe - Most mothers are instinctive philosophers.
Harriet Beecher Stowe - No one is so thoroughly superstitious as the godless man.
Harriet Beecher Stowe - I did not write it. God wrote it. I merely did his dictation.
Harriet Beecher Stowe - Perhaps it is impossible for a person who does no good to do no harm.
Harriet Beecher Stowe - The obstinacy of cleverness and reason is nothing to the obstinacy of folly and inanity.
Harrison Ford - We all have big changes in our lives that are more or less a second chance.
Harrison Ford - The kindest word to describe my performance in school was Sloth.
Harrison Ford - I could take Sean Connery in a fight... I could definitely take him.
Harrison Ford - Am I grumpy? I might be. But I think maybe sometimes it's misinterpreted.
Harrison Ford - You know you're getting old when all the names in your black book have M. D. after them.
Harrison Ford - I'm addicted to Altoids. I call them 'acting pills.'
Harrison Ford - All my friends were going off to be professionals, and I said I wanted to be an actor.
Harrison Ford - Bikes and planes aren't about going fast or having fun; they're toys, but serious ones.
Harrison Ford - Directing is too hard, it takes too much time, and it doesn't pay very well.
Harrison Ford - I love the comic opportunities that come up in the context of a father-son relationship.
Harry Browne - The important thing is to concentrate upon what you can do - by yourself, upon your own initiative.
Harry Browne - You are where you are today because you have chosen to be there.
Harry Browne - Since no one but you can know what's best for you, government control can't make your life better.
Harry Browne - Each person is living for himself; his own happiness is all he can ever personally feel.
Harry Browne - A great burden was lifted from my shoulders the day I realized that no one owes me anything.
Harry Browne - For most of our history, Americans enjoyed both liberty and security from foreign threats.
Harry Browne - I'm sorry that I can't snap my fingers and undo 50 years of bad American foreign policy.
Harry Browne - Freedom and responsibility aren't interconnected things. They are the same thing.
Harry Browne - The Constitution isn't written in Chinese, Swahili or Sanskrit. It's in plain English.
Harry Browne - Whenever I say that America has become an empire, someone is sure to say I'm being ridiculous.
Harry Connick, Jr. - My Dad is my hero.
Harry Connick, Jr. - I do the things I like to do. It's sort of a bigger version of having more than one hobby.
Harry Connick, Jr. - I have worked with Habitat for Humanity for awhile.
Harry Connick, Jr. - Safety's just danger, out of place.
Harry Connick, Jr. - Everything I do is part of my passion.
Harry Connick, Jr. - My life is spontaneous and things just kind of happen.
Harry Connick, Jr. - I say sorry to my wife about five times a day for various reasons.
Harry Connick, Jr. - I've spent hours playing video games.
Harry Connick, Jr. - The two are unrelated. I'm not into turtles or space stuff.
Harry Connick, Jr. - I practice and work hard at my music, but I'm not saving lives here.
Harry Emerson Fosdick - Whatever you laugh at in others, laughs at yourself.
Harry Emerson Fosdick - Don't simply retire from something; have something to retire to.
Harry Emerson Fosdick - Hating people is like burning down your own house to get rid of a rat.
Harry Emerson Fosdick - Liberty is always dangerous, but it is the safest thing we have.
Harry Emerson Fosdick - Preaching is personal counseling on a group basis.
Harry Emerson Fosdick - Christians are supposed not merely to endure change, nor even to profit by it, but to cause it.
Harry Emerson Fosdick - The steady discipline of intimate friendship with Jesus results in men becoming like Him.
Harry Emerson Fosdick - A person wrapped up in himself makes a small package.
Harry Emerson Fosdick - Bitterness imprisons life; love releases it.
Harry Emerson Fosdick - Religion is not a burden, not a weight, it is wings.
Harry Houdini - I am a great admirer of mystery and magic. Look at this life - all mystery and magic.
Harry Houdini - What the eyes see and the ears hear, the mind believes.
Harry Houdini - Fire has always been and, seemingly, will always remain, the most terrible of the elements.
Harry Houdini - It is still an open question, however, as to what extent exposure really injures a performer.
Harry Houdini - No performer should attempt to bite off red-hot iron unless he has a good set of teeth.
Harry Houdini - Only one man ever betrayed my confidence, and that only in a minor matter.
Harry Houdini - The eating of burning brimstone is an entirely fake performance.
Harry Houdini - The great day of the Fire-eater - or, should I say, the day of the great Fire-eater - has passed.
Harry Houdini - The pickpocket is usually very well dressed and of prepossessing appearance.
Harry Houdini - It is needless to say that women make the most patient as well as the most dangerous pickpockets.
Harry Kane - I love this club, and to be wearing number 10 for Tottenham is amazing for me. I could not resist.
Harry Kane - I want to keep working hard and looking to progress.
Harry Kane - Maybe defenders don't always get the recognition like the other players get.
Harry Kane - When times are down, keep believing, keep working hard, and things will pick up.
Harry Kane - I am motivated by trying to win trophies.
Harry Kane - Whenever a new manager comes in you want to impress him.
Harry Kane - I'm a very patriotic England fan, actually. I always wore my heart on my sleeve.
Harry Kane - You come up against challenges in life, and it's how you deal with them that defines you.
Harry Kane - I'm in my own fantasy team as well, so there's quite a bit of pressure on it.
Harry Kane - It is about that self-belief, that self-drive, that has got me to where I am now.
Haruki Murakami - Everything passes. Nobody gets anything for keeps. And that's how we've got to live.
Haruki Murakami - Concentration is one of the happiest things in my life.
Haruki Murakami - If you want to talk about something new, you have to make up a new kind of language.
Haruki Murakami - Among the many values in life, I appreciate freedom most.
Haruki Murakami - If you remember me, then I don't care if everyone else forgets.
Haruki Murakami - There's no such thing as perfect writing, just like there's no such thing as perfect despair.
Haruki Murakami - I'm kind of a big kettle. It takes time to get boiled, but then I'm always hot.
Haruki Murakami - I'm not a fast thinker, but once I am interested in something, I am doing it for many years.
Haruki Murakami - Young people these days don't trust anything at all. They want to be free.
Haruki Murakami - When I start to write, I don't have any plan at all. I just wait for the story to come.
Harvey Fierstein - Art has the power to transform, to illuminate, to educate, inspire and motivate.
Harvey Fierstein - It's a lot of fun to play someone you don't normally think of yourself as.
Harvey Fierstein - Time will tell us what we did and didn't do.
Harvey Fierstein - I am thrilled - I can't stress that enough - thrilled when I see kids getting active.
Harvey Fierstein - Always admit when you're wrong. You'll save thousands in therapy... and a few friendships too.
Harvey Fierstein - Beware of anyone who says they know. Trust me, they don't, or they wouldn't have to say they did.
Harvey Fierstein - I got a lovely check today from being a writer that I earned by sitting at home. That's rewarding.
Harvey Fierstein - If you deny yourself commitment, what can you do with your life?
Harvey Fierstein - How time files when you's doin' all the talking.
Harvey Fierstein - In London they don't like you if you're still alive.
Harvey Mackay - To me, job titles don't matter. Everyone is in sales. It's the only way we stay in business.
Harvey Mackay - Ethical decisions ensure that everyone's best interests are protected. When in doubt, don't.
Harvey Mackay - Talent is God-given; be humble. Fame is man-given; be thankful. Conceit is self-given; be careful.
Harvey Mackay - My Golden Rule of Networking is simple: Don't keep score.
Harvey Mackay - I believe that visualization is one of the most powerful means of achieving personal goals.
Harvey Mackay - If you have integrity, nothing else matters. If you don't have integrity, nothing else matters.
Harvey Mackay - You can't buy a good reputation; you must earn it.
Harvey Mackay - Amateurs wait for inspiration. The real pros get up and go to work.
Harvey Mackay - Exploring how you could make a bad situation worse can sometimes tell you what not to do.
Harvey Mackay - Pale ink is better than the most retentive memory.
Harvey Pekar - Everybody's like everybody else, and everybody's different from everybody else.
Harvey Pekar - There hasn't been enough change in comics to suit me. I don't know why exactly.
Harvey Pekar - I think you can do anything with comics that you could do in just about any art form.
Harvey Pekar - I don't mind if I show myself being cheap or unreasonable sometimes.
Harvey Pekar - Misery loves company. There's a lot to that.
Harvey Pekar - I think you can find all the elements that you can find in great literature in mundane experiences.
Harvey Pekar - I came up with American Splendor. Some people think it's American Squalor.
Harvey Pekar - It makes you feel good to know that there's other people afflicted like you.
Harvey Pekar - I'm trying to get every man involved in art, into experimental music, or painting, or novel-writing.
Harvey Pekar - I'm always shook up and nervous and I've got the hospital record to prove it.
Harvey Weinstein - I wanted to do something inspirational for my children.
Harvey Weinstein - I'm a benevolent dictator.
Harvey Weinstein - Some people handle sweets better.
Harvey Weinstein - I hope to continue my friendship with France and its filmmakers for many years to come.
Harvey Weinstein - First of all, I never make a movie for awards consideration.
Harvey Weinstein - I always find that when I do something that I like, from my heart, then it works.
Harvey Weinstein - I think sometimes we in the industry have to do ambitious projects.
Harvey Weinstein - I'm the father of four daughters.
Harvey Weinstein - To have the National Rifle Association rule the United States of America is pathetic.
Harvey Weinstein - We in the independent sector more than anybody need Netflix, because they care about what we do.
Hassan Nasrallah - Peace cannot be unilateral.
Hassan Nasrallah - The fall of the Syrian regime is in the interest of America and Israel.
Hassan Nasrallah - So long as there is imperialism in the world, a permanent peace is impossible.
Hassan Nasrallah - Force is the duty of the state, not Hizbullah.
Hassan Nasrallah - However, there is no legal and legitimate state called Israel.
Hassan Nasrallah - I am against any reconciliation with Israel.
Hassan Nasrallah - It is unacceptable, it is forbidden, to harm the innocent.
Hassan Nasrallah - Any Israeli attack on Lebanon, Iran, Syria or Gaza will be met with a fierce response.
Hassan Nasrallah - Israel lost their power to intimidate during the second war with Lebanon.
Hassan Nasrallah - The U.N. Security Council did not to condemn the Qana massacre, due to the U.S. veto.
Hattie McDaniel - I always have the best of everything.
Hattie McDaniel - I did my best, and God did the rest.
Hattie McDaniel - I am loathe to get married again. I've been married enough; I just prefer to forget it.
Hattie McDaniel - A woman's gifts will make room for her.
Hattie McDaniel - As for those grapefruit and buttermilk diets, I'll take roast chicken and dumplings.
Hattie McDaniel - Faith is the black person's federal reserve system.
Hattie McDaniel - We all respect sincerity in our friends and acquaintances, but Hollywood is willing to pay for it.
Hattie McDaniel - You can best fight any existing evil from the inside.
Hattie McDaniel - Bob Hope, Red Skelton, and Eddie Cantor... help us keep our balance.
Hattie McDaniel - I don't belong on this earth. I always feel out of place - like a visitor.
Havelock Ellis - Every man of genius sees the world at a different angle from his fellows, and there is his tragedy.
Havelock Ellis - All the art of living lies in a fine mingling of letting go and holding on.
Havelock Ellis - All civilization has from time to time become a thin crust over a volcano of revolution.
Havelock Ellis - The Promised Land always lies on the other side of a Wilderness.
Havelock Ellis - Jealousy, that dragon which slays love under the pretence of keeping it alive.
Havelock Ellis - Every artist writes his own autobiography.
Havelock Ellis - What we call progress is the exchange of one nuisance for another nuisance.
Havelock Ellis - There is nothing that war has ever achieved that we could not better achieve without it.
Havelock Ellis - The place where optimism most flourishes is the lunatic asylum.
Havelock Ellis - What we call 'morals' is simply blind obedience to words of command.
Hayao Miyazaki - I get inspiration from my everyday life.
Hayao Miyazaki - We live in an age when it is cheaper to buy the rights to movies than to make them.
Hayao Miyazaki - Currently computer graphics are used a great deal, but it can be excessive.
Hayao Miyazaki - I'm not a collector.
Hayao Miyazaki - I'd like more of the world go back to being wild.
Hayao Miyazaki - People in Japan have experienced many tsunamis and various earthquakes throughout the ages.
Hayao Miyazaki - We get strength and encouragement from watching children.
Hayao Miyazaki - All my films are all my children.
Hayao Miyazaki - Humans have both the urge to create and destroy.
Hayao Miyazaki - I think we should stop using nuclear power plants because it's an old system that we can't control.
Heath Ledger - I'm in control of my life, not anyone in Hollywood.
Heath Ledger - I'm kind of addicted to moving.
Heath Ledger - I only do this because I'm having fun. The day I stop having fun, I'll just walk away.
Heath Ledger - There's nothing like working with your mates - it's the way it should be, as far as I'm concerned.
Heath Ledger - If you are just safe about the choices you make, you don't grow.
Heath Ledger - I apologize for my terrible interview skills.
Heath Ledger - If you're just safe about the choices you make, you don't grow.
Heath Ledger - I feel like I'm wasting time if I repeat myself.
Heath Ledger - You learn more about yourself through your child, I guess.
Heath Ledger - In order not to hold a frame with someone, you have to be intimidated by them.
Heather Brooke - Politicians often claim secrecy is necessary for good governance or national security.
Heather Brooke - I know people don't like America very much, but the one thing it's very good on is local government.
Heather Brooke - It is scrutiny by the general public that keeps the powerful honest.
Heather Brooke - We are not naughty children, and the state is not our parent.
Heather Brooke - Our printing press is the Internet. Our coffee houses are social networks.
Heather Brooke - I'm a freedom of information campaigner, so obviously I support the cause of Wikileaks.
Heather Brooke - In the soil of ignorance, fear can easily be sown.
Heather Brooke - Hackers often describe what they do as playfully creative problem solving.
Heather Brooke - The royal family are protected from public accountability by law.
Heather Brooke - The monarchy is a part of the state. It exists to serve the people.
Heather Graham - Whenever I meet people who seem really sweet and unassuming, I kind of wonder about them.
Heather Graham - There's not a lot of stories for women told by women in a very real, true voice.
Heather Graham - I try to get 11 or 12 hours of sleep a night. It sounds excessive but that's really what I need.
Heather Graham - As a kid, I read 'Peter Pan,' and I really wanted to be him.
Heather Graham - I'd have made a terrible nun.
Heather Graham - I admire those people who hold on to their elegance in old age but I'd rather have fun.
Heather Graham - I'm a good Catholic girl in the way that Madonna is. In the sense that I'm not that good at all.
Heather Graham - I practice transcendental meditation and there is a phase where you're meant to lift off the ground.
Heather Graham - There are less opportunities for women.
Heather Graham - I think it might be nice to date someone not in the business.
Heather Mills - If you wear short skirts you get your femininity back.
Heather Mills - I fell in love for the right reason. I fell in love unconditionally.
Heather Mills - I love to dance in the disco, but that's about it.
Heather Mills - I was quiet for a year but I had 4,000 articles written about me.
Heather Mills - It took one human error to take my leg and one human error to take my mother's.
Heather Mills - I can't leave England.
Heather Mills - There are many other kinds of milk available. Why don't we try drinking rats' milk and dogs' milk?
Heather Mills - To have an opinion about somebody you've never met before is pretty superficial.
Heather Mills - I am a charity campaigner.
Heather Mills - Eighty per cent of global warming comes from livestock and deforestation.
Heber J. Grant - There is no such thing as standing still.
Heber J. Grant - I value all things as nothing in comparison with having the spirit of God to guide me.
Heber J. Grant - The power of the living God is here on the earth. The Priesthood is here.
Heber J. Grant - Day-dreams without work do not amount to anything; it is the actual work that counts.
Heber J. Grant - I have no animosity against any living soul.
Heber J. Grant - Being an only child, my mother reared me very carefully.
Heber J. Grant - There never was one particle of... jealousy... in the heart of Hyrum Smith.
Heber J. Grant - Prosperity comes to those who observe the law of tithing.
Heber J. Grant - When I first began to learn to sing, it took me from three to four months to learn two simple hymns.
Heber J. Grant - I have, all the days of my life, enjoyed singing very much.
Hector Elizondo - Yes, and it's my third movie with Richard. American Gigolo was my first.
Hector Elizondo - Which reminds me of a fortune cookie: you often find your destiny on the path you take to avoid it.
Hector Elizondo - Pretty Woman was the easiest job I've ever done. I just wore the right toupee.
Hector Elizondo - On those, I've said it before, I work free. It's the waiting they pay me for.
Hector Elizondo - Food is a passion. Food is love.
Hector Elizondo - I'm attracted to pathos, because life is mostly pathos. I've had a lot of it in my life.
Hector Elizondo - You're at the top of your game if you do comedy.
Hector Elizondo - Sometimes I just walk through; I just show up, as in The Other Sister.
Hector Elizondo - I've dodged bullets but there's no scandal in my life.
Hector Elizondo - I work with Garry no matter what. What I wanted to keep going was the streak.
Hedy Lamarr - Any girl can be glamorous. All you have to do is stand still and look stupid.
Hedy Lamarr - A good painting to me has always been like a friend. It keeps me company, comforts and inspires.
Hedy Lamarr - All creative people want to do the unexpected.
Hedy Lamarr - I can excuse everything but boredom. Boring people don't have to stay that way.
Hedy Lamarr - Because you don't live near a bakery doesn't mean you have to go without cheesecake.
Hedy Lamarr - Compromise and tolerance are magic words. It took me 40 years to become philosophical.
Hedy Lamarr - All my six husbands married me for different reasons.
Hedy Lamarr - I was in constant demand, in my professional life and my personal life.
Hedy Lamarr - I'm a sworn enemy of convention. I despise the conventional in anything, even the arts.
Hedy Lamarr - The public pays and feels it is entitled to participate in the personal affairs of a performer.
Heidi Klum - Never underestimate the power of the ocean.
Heidi Klum - For me, my business is my business and my house is my house. I don't want the public in my house.
Heidi Klum - Being a Victoria's Secret model, which was always my dream.
Heidi Klum - I actually eat a lot.
Heidi Klum - Well, I was going to school in Germany. And in my free time I was dancing.
Heidi Klum - A woman is a woman!
Heidi Klum - I don't have the hard everyday life that so many working mothers face.
Heidi Klum - I sing a lot, even with my voice.
Heidi Klum - I come from a place where we're not that shy about our bodies.
Heidi Klum - I have a whole army of pajamas.
Heinrich Heine - Of course God will forgive me; that's His job.
Heinrich Heine - Wherever they burn books they will also, in the end, burn human beings.
Heinrich Heine - Human misery is too great for men to do without faith.
Heinrich Heine - Experience is a good school. But the fees are high.
Heinrich Heine - True eloquence consists in saying all that is necessary, and nothing but what is necessary.
Heinrich Heine - When words leave off, music begins.
Heinrich Heine - The Wedding March always reminds me of the music played when soldiers go into battle.
Heinrich Heine - You cannot feed the hungry on statistics.
Heinrich Heine - God will forgive me. It's his job.
Heinrich Heine - There are more fools in the world than there are people.
Helen Fisher - People kill for love. They die for love.
Helen Fisher - Good-looking people are always looking for other good-looking people.
Helen Fisher - I think the happiness we find, we make.
Helen Fisher - Every time you cuddle with your children, you're likely to be driving down your testosterone.
Helen Fisher - Experiences shape the brain, but the brain shapes the way we view experiences, too.
Helen Fisher - We are wired to find love.
Helen Fisher - Romantic love is an addiction.
Helen Fisher - Nobody gets out of love alive. You turn into a menace or a pest when you've been rejected.
Helen Fisher - There is more and more data indicating that there is a biological basis to your political views.
Helen Fisher - People have been looking for love potions since hunter-gatherer societies.
Helen Hayes - Age is not important unless you're a cheese.
Helen Hayes - If you rest, you rust.
Helen Hayes - Legends die hard. They survive as truth rarely does.
Helen Hayes - The hardest years in life are those between ten and seventy.
Helen Hayes - Childhood is a short season.
Helen Hayes - One has to grow up with good talk in order to form the habit of it.
Helen Hayes - I cry out for order and find it only in art.
Helen Hayes - We relish news of our heroes, forgetting that we are extraordinary to somebody too.
Helen Hayes - When traveling with someone, take large does of patience and tolerance with your morning coffee.
Helen Hayes - Stardom can be a gilded slavery.
Helen McCrory - If you're constantly frightened of being unhappy, how bloody exhausting must that be?
Helen McCrory - I listen to Radio 4 all the time. I didn't go to university, so that's my further education.
Helen McCrory - To be honest, my husband and my children are my best friends.
Helen McCrory - As I've got older, I feel more confident in my body, so wouldn't want to tamper with it.
Helen McCrory - I think change is good because it teaches you that it's nothing to be frightened of.
Helen McCrory - I've become more confident as I have got older. I care less what others think.
Helen McCrory - I used to say that theatre was my favourite thing. But the more I do film, the more I appreciate it.
Helen McCrory - What I find most interesting about acting is transforming myself.
Helen McCrory - Working in films, there are hundreds of odd moments.
Helen McCrory - I was a real art freak when I was a teenager.
Helen Reddy - If I have to, I can do anything. I am strong, I am invincible, I am Woman.
Helen Reddy - I did my own music videos, my own TV commercials.
Helen Reddy - I like music to soothe me.
Helen Reddy - A lot of women are turned off by the physical appearance of some of the first feminists.
Helen Reddy - You're not going to find a man whose socks don't get dirty or who doesn't snore.
Helen Reddy - I am woman, hear me roar.
Helen Reddy - I am woman, hear me roar, in numbers too big to ignore, and I know too much to go back and pretend.
Helen Reddy - Hindsight is wonderful. It's always very easy to second guess after the fact.
Helen Reddy - I'm a very private person, and when I leave the stage, I leave the stage.
Helen Reddy - I always believed that I could make it or I would never have spent so many years trying to get here.
Helen Thomas - When you're in the news business, you always expect the unexpected.
Helen Thomas - I think I'll work all my life. When you're having fun, why stop having fun?
Helen Thomas - You don't spread democracy with a barrel of a gun.
Helen Thomas - I don't think there are any rude questions.
Helen Thomas - I don't think a tough question is disrespectful.
Helen Thomas - But when will our leaders learn - war is not the answer.
Helen Thomas - War makes strange bedfellows.
Helen Thomas - The day Dick Cheney is going to run for president, I'll kill myself. All we need is one more liar.
Helen Thomas - I'm covering the worst president in American history.
Helen Thomas - Every President hates the Press.
Helena Bonham Carter - I think my mouth just opens and I spontaneously say things that occur to me.
Helena Bonham Carter - I've got Tourette's, practically. I'll tell anyone anything.
Helena Bonham Carter - All the ancient classic fairy tales have always been scary and dark.
Helena Bonham Carter - There is no normality in life.
Helena Bonham Carter - I liked pretending to be other people: I could reinvent myself, reinvent my own reality.
Helena Bonham Carter - A film actor is just a victim of directors and editors.
Helena Bonham Carter - Fairytales have always got to have that scary quality, as long as you make them laugh.
Helena Bonham Carter - I think smells, like sounds, can be so much immediately affecting.
Helena Bonham Carter - I would pretend to be the French lieutenant's woman. I was always a romantic. I still am, actually.
Helena Bonham Carter - I love witches and magic and dress-up and make-believe.
Helmut Jahn - For me, drawing generates thinking and vice versa.
Helmut Jahn - Higher ceilings allow the use indirect lighting, which is much healthier and reduces glare.
Helmut Jahn - I find if my body feels well and I exercise regularly, I think better, work better and feel better.
Helmut Jahn - IBM has a very solid business image.
Helmut Jahn - A city building, you experience when you walk; a suburban building, you experience when you drive.
Helmut Jahn - Creativity has more to do with the elimination of the inessential than with inventing something new.
Helmut Jahn - Every building is a prototype. No two are alike.
Helmut Jahn - When I think of some of my earlier work, it really seems a fortunate coincidence that I succeeded.
Helmut Jahn - I strive for an architecture from which nothing can be taken away.
Helmut Jahn - We are creating a unique experience. It's starts with how you see the building from a distance.
Helmut Lang - When you're young, you're fearless and more creative, more of an outsider.
Helmut Lang - I don't think I'm the one that invented glamour at all.
Helmut Lang - I've never been interested in the event when I'm the center of attention.
Helmut Lang - I think the history and the past we have is just an energy we've built up to do what we do now.
Helmut Lang - I have been asked to collaborate with fashion houses using my artwork, which I will probably do.
Helmut Lang - I have always been interested in materials and in transforming them.
Helmut Lang - I have a lot of insecurities, but you learn from your failures.
Helmut Lang - Once I'm committed, I'm unafraid of the outcome.
Helmut Lang - I'm really bad at describing my own life.
Helmut Lang - I was never so directly inspired by fashion. It always came from somewhere else.
Henny Youngman - If you're going to do something tonight that you'll be sorry for tomorrow morning, sleep late.
Henny Youngman - If at first you don't succeed... so much for skydiving.
Henny Youngman - When God sneezed, I didn't know what to say.
Henny Youngman - I told the doctor I broke my leg in two places. He told me to quit going to those places.
Henny Youngman - The horse I bet on was so slow, the jockey kept a diary of the trip.
Henny Youngman - When I read about the evils of drinking, I gave up reading.
Henny Youngman - Just got back from a pleasure trip: I took my mother-in-law to the airport.
Henny Youngman - If my mother knew I did this for a living, she'd kill me. She thinks I'm selling dope.
Henny Youngman - This man is frank and earnest with women. In Fresno, he's Frank and in Chicago he's Ernest.
Henny Youngman - She's a big-hearted girl with hips to match.
Henri Bergson - To exist is to change, to change is to mature, to mature is to go on creating oneself endlessly.
Henri Bergson - Religion is to mysticism what popularization is to science.
Henri Bergson - The only cure for vanity is laughter, and the only fault that is laughable is vanity.
Henri Bergson - Think like a man of action, act like a man of thought.
Henri Bergson - There is nothing in philosophy which could not be said in everyday language.
Henri Bergson - It seems that laughter needs an echo.
Henri Bergson - Our laughter is always the laughter of a group.
Henri Bergson - Sex appeal is the keynote of our civilization.
Henri Bergson - The motive power of democracy is love.
Henri Bergson - Wherever anything lives, there is, open somewhere, a register in which time is being inscribed.
Henri Frederic Amiel - There is no respect for others without humility in one's self.
Henri Frederic Amiel - Destiny has two ways of crushing us - by refusing our wishes and by fulfilling them.
Henri Frederic Amiel - Any landscape is a condition of the spirit.
Henri Frederic Amiel - True humility is contentment.
Henri Frederic Amiel - We are never more discontented with others than when we are discontented with ourselves.
Henri Frederic Amiel - Learn to... be what you are, and learn to resign with a good grace all that you are not.
Henri Frederic Amiel - The best path through life is the highway.
Henri Frederic Amiel - Man becomes man only by his intelligence, but he is man only by his heart.
Henri Frederic Amiel - The man who has no inner-life is a slave to his surroundings.
Henri Frederic Amiel - I'm not interested in age. People who tell me their age are silly. You're as old as you feel.
Henri Matisse - There are always flowers for those who want to see them.
Henri Matisse - Drawing is like making an expressive gesture with the advantage of permanence.
Henri Matisse - Derive happiness in oneself from a good day's work, from illuminating the fog that surrounds us.
Henri Matisse - He who loves, flies, runs, and rejoices; he is free and nothing holds him back.
Henri Matisse - With color one obtains an energy that seems to stem from witchcraft.
Henri Matisse - Creativity takes courage.
Henri Matisse - I do not literally paint that table, but the emotion it produces upon me.
Henri Matisse - Cutting into color reminds me of the sculptor's direct carving.
Henri Matisse - In love, the one who runs away is the winner.
Henri Matisse - I don't paint things. I only paint the difference between things.
Henri Nouwen - If fear is the great enemy of intimacy, love is its true friend.
Henri Nouwen - To learn patience is not to rebel against every hardship.
Henri Nouwen - The greatest trap in our life is not success, popularity or power, but self-rejection.
Henri Nouwen - Peacemaking is a full-time vocation that includes each member of God's people.
Henri Nouwen - In their poverty, the mentally handicapped reveal God to us and hold us close to the gospel.
Henri Nouwen - Friendship has always belonged to the core of my spiritual journey.
Henri Nouwen - Much violence is based on the illusion that life is a property to be defended and not to be shared.
Henri Nouwen - Too many of us are lonely ministers practicing a lonely ministry.
Henri Nouwen - God wants you to live for others and to live that presence well.
Henri Nouwen - A life without a lonely place, that is, without a quiet center, becomes destructive.
Henri Poincare - Mathematics is the art of giving the same name to different things.
Henri Poincare - To invent is to discern, to choose.
Henri Poincare - It is far better to foresee even without certainty than not to foresee at all.
Henri Poincare - Hypotheses are what we lack the least.
Henri Poincare - It is through science that we prove, but through intuition that we discover.
Henri Poincare - Thought is only a flash between two long nights, but this flash is everything.
Henri Poincare - Mathematical discoveries, small or great are never born of spontaneous generation.
Henri Poincare - Mathematicians do not study objects, but relations between objects.
Henri Poincare - Geometry is not true, it is advantageous.
Henri Poincare - Mathematicians are born, not made.
Henrik Ibsen - A forest bird never wants a cage.
Henrik Ibsen - The spectacles of experience; through them you will see clearly a second time.
Henrik Ibsen - Home life ceases to be free and beautiful as soon as it is founded on borrowing and debt.
Henrik Ibsen - These heroes of finance are like beads on a string; when one slips off, all the rest follow.
Henrik Ibsen - The spirit of truth and the spirit of freedom - these are the pillars of society.
Henrik Ibsen - The man whom God wills to slay in the struggle of life - he first individualizes.
Henrik Ibsen - A minority may be right, and a majority is always wrong.
Henrik Ibsen - A community is like a ship; everyone ought to be prepared to take the helm.
Henrik Ibsen - The pillars of truth and the pillars of freedom - they are the pillars of society.
Henrik Ibsen - A thousand words will not leave so deep an impression as one deed.
Henrikh Mkhitaryan - I keep working hard, and this will pay off.
Henrikh Mkhitaryan - I will not retreat; I will find the strength to reach my goal.
Henrikh Mkhitaryan - As a footballer, you just have to try to learn what you've done bad and what I could do good.
Henrikh Mkhitaryan - For Manchest United, every cup is very important. A trophy is a trophy.
Henrikh Mkhitaryan - When your dreams are close to coming true, it does not feel real at first.
Henrikh Mkhitaryan - I can be very serious, but if I'm being honest, I'm very happy with the way my life has turned out.
Henrikh Mkhitaryan - You cannot always have good times in your life.
Henrikh Mkhitaryan - Manchester United are not just any football club.
Henrikh Mkhitaryan - When we're leading during the game, we have to squeeze the opponent.
Henrikh Mkhitaryan - I am very proud to join Manchester United. This move is a dream come true for me.
Henry Adams - Friends are born, not made.
Henry Adams - A teacher affects eternity; he can never tell where his influence stops.
Henry Adams - Chaos was the law of nature; Order was the dream of man.
Henry Adams - It is always good men who do the most harm in the world.
Henry Adams - Simplicity is the most deceitful mistress that ever betrayed man.
Henry Adams - Chaos often breeds life, when order breeds habit.
Henry Adams - Politics... have always been the systematic organization of hatreds.
Henry Adams - He too serves a certain purpose who only stands and cheers.
Henry Adams - A friend in power is a friend lost.
Henry Adams - They know enough who know how to learn.
Henry Cavill - I don't think Americans look bad in spandex.
Henry Cavill - I work out two, two and a half hours a day.
Henry Cavill - My version of Superman is essentially of a guy who has spent his whole life alone.
Henry Cavill - My mother works in a bank, and my dad is the head of my management team and also works in finance.
Henry Cavill - No matter what era we're in, we need hope.
Henry Cavill - Not every job is a good job.
Henry Cavill - I didn't see a lot of comic books growing up.
Henry Cavill - At boarding school there wasn't much time for much of anything except education.
Henry Cavill - The point of acting is to pretend you're someone else and sell a story.
Henry Cavill - The hardest part of acting is not being guaranteed work. Every job could be your last.
Henry Fielding - Guilt has very quick ears to an accusation.
Henry Fielding - All nature wears one universal grin.
Henry Fielding - The prudence of the best heads is often defeated by the tenderness of the best hearts.
Henry Fielding - Love and scandal are the best sweeteners of tea.
Henry Fielding - If you make money your god, it will plague you like the devil.
Henry Fielding - A newspaper consists of just the same number of words, whether there be any news in it or not.
Henry Fielding - Neither great poverty nor great riches will hear reason.
Henry Fielding - Some folks rail against other folks, because other folks have what some folks would be glad of.
Henry Fielding - We are as liable to be corrupted by books, as by companions.
Henry Fielding - When children are doing nothing, they are doing mischief.
Henry James - In museums and palaces we are alternate radicals and conservatives.
Henry James - It takes an endless amount of history to make even a little tradition.
Henry James - I adore adverbs; they are the only qualifications I really much respect.
Henry James - I've always been interested in people, but I've never liked them.
Henry James - Cats and monkeys; monkeys and cats; all human life is there.
Henry James - The only reason for the existence of a novel is that it does attempt to represent life.
Henry James - Ideas are, in truth, force.
Henry James - Life is a predicament which precedes death.
Henry James - In art economy is always beauty.
Henry James - Deep experience is never peaceful.
Henry Kissinger - There cannot be a crisis next week. My schedule is already full.
Henry Kissinger - The task of the leader is to get his people from where they are to where they have not been.
Henry Kissinger - Ninety percent of the politicians give the other ten percent a bad reputation.
Henry Kissinger - Whatever must happen ultimately should happen immediately.
Henry Kissinger - A leader does not deserve the name unless he is willing occasionally to stand alone.
Henry Kissinger - The conventional army loses if it does not win. The guerrilla wins if he does not lose.
Henry Kissinger - Each success only buys an admission ticket to a more difficult problem.
Henry Kissinger - The absence of alternatives clears the mind marvelously.
Henry Kissinger - No one will ever win the battle of the sexes; there's too much fraternizing with the enemy.
Henry Kissinger - The nice thing about being a celebrity is that, if you bore people, they think it's their fault.
Henry Louis Gates - Diversity doesn't mean black and white only.
Henry Louis Gates - Censorship is to art as lynching is to justice.
Henry Louis Gates - You have to have a canon so the next generation can come along and explode it.
Henry Louis Gates - I think that the implication of King's assassination has not been fully appreciated.
Henry Louis Gates - Brazil is the second blackest nation in the world.
Henry Louis Gates - Lincoln had a tremendous capacity for personal growth - more than any other American President.
Henry Louis Gates - Suffering does not necessarily ennoble you.
Henry Louis Gates - I want to be a figure for prison reform. I think that the criminal justice system is rotten.
Henry Louis Gates - My father was the funniest man I ever met. He made Redd Foxx look like an undertaker.
Henry Louis Gates - The Right insists that anyone can escape poverty by working hard but that is simply not the case.
Henry Miller - I have no money, no resources, no hopes. I am the happiest man alive.
Henry Miller - All growth is a leap in the dark, a spontaneous unpremeditated act without benefit of experience.
Henry Miller - Every moment is a golden one for him who has the vision to recognize it as such.
Henry Miller - Whatever there be of progress in life comes not through adaptation but through daring.
Henry Miller - I have always looked upon decay as being just as wonderful and rich an expression of life as growth.
Henry Miller - Man has demonstrated that he is master of everything except his own nature.
Henry Miller - The world dies over and over again, but the skeleton always gets up and walks.
Henry Miller - If there is to be any peace it will come through being, not having.
Henry Miller - Chaos is the score upon which reality is written.
Henry Miller - The one thing we can never get enough of is love. And the one thing we never give enough is love.
Henry Paulson - In just about every area of society, there's nothing more important than ethics.
Henry Paulson - I'm a straightforward person. I like to be direct with people.
Henry Paulson - What I've said repeatedly is, 'I think the auto industry is a very important industry.'
Henry Paulson - China needs a currency that reflects underlying economic fundamentals.
Henry Paulson - Too often, we restrict trade that would create U.S. jobs and is in our national interest.
Henry Paulson - There is a very real danger that financial regulation will become a wolf in sheep's clothing.
Henry Paulson - Regulation needs to catch up with innovation.
Henry Paulson - One of the things I enjoy the most is fishing.
Henry Paulson - I think all governments engage in intelligence gathering vis-a-vis other governments.
Henry Paulson - Illiquid asset purchases are all about capital and encouraging private capital to come in.
Henry Petroski - Science is about knowing; engineering is about doing.
Henry Petroski - As engineers, we were going to be in a position to change the world - not just study it.
Henry Petroski - An over-reliance on past successes is a sure blueprint for future failures.
Henry Petroski - Successful engineering is all about understanding how things break or fail.
Henry Petroski - Engineering is achieving function while avoiding failure.
Henry Petroski - If I could go upstairs and write every day, I would be happy. I don't need recreation.
Henry Petroski - Design is nothing if not decision making.
Henry Petroski - Many new technologies come with a promise to change the world, but the world refuses to cooperate.
Henry Petroski - It is really want, rather than need, that drives the process of technological evolution.
Henry Petroski - Read and write with a sensitive ear. The craft of writing is very important. Practice the craft.
Henry Samueli - To succeed in hockey, you need teamwork.
Henry Samueli - I don't try to try to judge people on performance in one short period of time.
Henry Samueli - Long-term career aspirations encompass emotional and intellectual impact of work on society.
Henry Samueli - I just took it one step at a time and let fate determine my destiny.
Henry Samueli - I don't know if anybody thought about how much impact the iPhone could have on society.
Henry Samueli - You can't create a mass market if you don't have a common standard.
Henry Samueli - Anytime you put a challenge out there, people come up with a creative solution on the software side.
Henry Samueli - When we started out, you could design a chip with a few guys in a basement.
Henry Samueli - The owner's job is to hire the general manager. The general manager's job is to run the hockey team.
Henry Samueli - We covered every major segment of this broadband communications world.
Henry Van Dyke - A friend is what the heart needs all the time.
Henry Van Dyke - What we do belongs to what we are; and what we are is what becomes of us.
Henry Van Dyke - Look around for a place to sow a few seeds.
Henry Van Dyke - Genius is talent set on fire by courage.
Henry Van Dyke - There is no personal charm so great as the charm of a cheerful temperament.
Henry Van Dyke - Some people are so afraid to die that they never begin to live.
Henry Van Dyke - A peace that depends on fear is nothing but a suppressed war.
Henry Van Dyke - Love is the best thing in the world, and the thing that lives the longest.
Henry Van Dyke - Many a treasure besides Ali Baba's is unlocked with a verbal key.
Henry Van Dyke - Culture is the habit of being pleased with the best and knowing why.
Henry Ward Beecher - Hold yourself responsible for a higher standard than anybody expects of you. Never excuse yourself.
Henry Ward Beecher - Every artist dips his brush in his own soul, and paints his own nature into his pictures.
Henry Ward Beecher - We never know the love of a parent till we become parents ourselves.
Henry Ward Beecher - Flowers are the sweetest things God ever made and forgot to put a soul into.
Henry Ward Beecher - It's easier to go down a hill than up it but the view is much better at the top.
Henry Ward Beecher - Gratitude is the fairest blossom which springs from the soul.
Henry Ward Beecher - Of all the music that reached farthest into heaven, it is the beating of a loving heart.
Henry Ward Beecher - The mother's heart is the child's schoolroom.
Henry Ward Beecher - The sun does not shine for a few trees and flowers, but for the wide world's joy.
Henry Ward Beecher - A library is not a luxury but one of the necessities of life.
Henry Winkler - Assumptions are the termites of relationships.
Henry Winkler - You see, I don't know how to ride a motorcycle, actually.
Henry Winkler - A human being's first responsibility is to shake hands with himself.
Henry Winkler - When you love what you do, then you're talking to one of the luckiest guys on the face of the earth.
Henry Winkler - How we learn has nothing to do with how brilliant we are.
Henry Winkler - Adam Sandler is truly brilliant. He plays these goofy characters, but he is a brilliant fellow.
Henry Winkler - If you make compelling television, they will come.
Henry Winkler - Producing came about because I never wanted to be in one of those books, Where Are They Now?
Henry Winkler - In school, I was an underachiever.
Henry Winkler - Wes Craven is a wonderful friend, and we had a really good time together.
Heraclitus - No man ever steps in the same river twice, for it's not the same river and he's not the same man.
Heraclitus - The sun is new each day.
Heraclitus - There is nothing permanent except change.
Heraclitus - Big results require big ambitions.
Heraclitus - You cannot step into the same river twice.
Heraclitus - Character is destiny.
Heraclitus - Our envy always lasts longer than the happiness of those we envy.
Heraclitus - Men who wish to know about the world must learn about it in its particular details.
Heraclitus - God is day and night, winter and summer, war and peace, surfeit and hunger.
Heraclitus - A man's character is his guardian divinity.
Herb Caen - I have a memory like an elephant. I remember every elephant I've ever met.
Herb Caen - The only thing wrong with immortality is that it tends to go on forever.
Herb Caen - Cockroaches and socialites are the only things that can stay up all night and eat anything.
Herb Caen - The trouble with born-again Christians is that they are an even bigger pain the second time around.
Herb Caen - New Yorkers are stuck in a gloomy mucilage of mutual commiseration.
Herb Caen - When a place advertises itself as 'World Famous,' you may be sure it isn't.
Herb Caen - Logic is no answer to passion.
Herb Caen - Philosophically, I don't like doing commercials.
Herb Caen - San Franciscans have a bond of self-satisfaction bordering on smugness.
Herb Caen - I tend to live in the past because most of my life is there.
Herbert Hoover - Freedom is the open window through which pours the sunlight of the human spirit and human dignity.
Herbert Hoover - Competition is not only the basis of protection to the consumer, but is the incentive to progress.
Herbert Hoover - Children are our most valuable natural resource.
Herbert Hoover - About the time we can make the ends meet, somebody moves the ends.
Herbert Hoover - All men are equal before fish.
Herbert Hoover - Wisdom consists not so much in knowing what to do in the ultimate as knowing what to do next.
Herbert Hoover - Older men declare war. But it is the youth that must fight and die.
Herbert Hoover - I'm the only person of distinction who has ever had a depression named for him.
Herbert Hoover - When there is a lack of honor in government, the morals of the whole people are poisoned.
Herbert Hoover - No public man can be just a little crooked.
Herbert Spencer - When a man's knowledge is not in order, the more of it he has the greater will be his confusion.
Herbert Spencer - A jury is composed of twelve men of average ignorance.
Herbert Spencer - Society exists for the benefit of its members, not the members for the benefit of society.
Herbert Spencer - How often misused words generate misleading thoughts.
Herbert Spencer - The great aim of education is not knowledge but action.
Herbert Spencer - The wise man must remember that while he is a descendant of the past, he is a parent of the future.
Herbert Spencer - All socialism involves slavery.
Herbert Spencer - Marriage: A word which should be pronounced 'mirage'.
Herbert Spencer - Government is essentially immoral.
Herbert Spencer - We do not commonly see in a tax a diminution of freedom, and yet it clearly is one.
Herbie Hancock - I think risk-taking is a great adventure. And life should be full of adventures.
Herbie Hancock - Music happens to be an art form that transcends language.
Herbie Hancock - You make different colors by combining those colors that already exist.
Herbie Hancock - It pulled me like a magnet, jazz did, because it was a way that I could express myself.
Herbie Hancock - Music is the tool to express life - and all that makes a difference.
Herbie Hancock - Since time is a continuum, the moment is always different, so the music is always different.
Herbie Hancock - It's part of life to have obstacles. It's about overcoming obstacles; that's the key to happiness.
Herbie Hancock - It's not exclusive, but inclusive, which is the whole spirit of jazz.
Herbie Hancock - Creativity shouldn't be following radio; it should be the other way around.
Herbie Hancock - Jazz has borrowed from other genres of music and also has lent itself to other genres of music.
Herman Cain - Stupid people are ruining America.
Herman Cain - I believe in traditional marriage and I believe in the Defense of Marriage Act.
Herman Cain - People who oppose Obama are said to be racists - so I guess I'm a racist.
Herman Cain - I do not believe abortion should be legal.
Herman Cain - I didn't know I was a conservative when it didn't matter to me growing up.
Herman Cain - One right decision doth not a great president make.
Herman Cain - This economy is on life support.
Herman Cain - That's the biggest problem, is the tax code itself.
Herman Cain - Uncertainty is killing this economy.
Herman Cain - It is not someone's fault if they succeeded, it is someone's fault if they failed.
Herman Melville - I am, as I am; whether hideous, or handsome, depends upon who is made judge.
Herman Melville - It is better to fail in originality than to succeed in imitation.
Herman Melville - We cannot live only for ourselves. A thousand fibers connect us with our fellow men.
Herman Melville - Friendship at first sight, like love at first sight, is said to be the only truth.
Herman Melville - It is not down in any map; true places never are.
Herman Melville - Art is the objectification of feeling.
Herman Melville - A smile is the chosen vehicle of all ambiguities.
Herman Melville - At sea a fellow comes out. Salt water is like wine, in that respect.
Herman Melville - Know, thou, that the lines that live are turned out of a furrowed brow.
Herman Melville - There are some enterprises in which a careful disorderliness is the true method.
Hermann Hesse - Some of us think holding on makes us strong; but sometimes it is letting go.
Hermann Hesse - Solitude is independence.
Hermann Hesse - As a body everyone is single, as a soul never.
Hermann Hesse - Everything becomes a little different as soon as it is spoken out loud.
Hermann Hesse - People with courage and character always seem sinister to the rest.
Hermann Hesse - Happiness is a how; not a what. A talent, not an object.
Hermann Hesse - It is possible for one never to transgress a single law and still be a bastard.
Hermann Hesse - When dealing with the insane, the best method is to pretend to be sane.
Hermann Hesse - If a man has nothing to eat, fasting is the most intelligent thing he can do.
Hermann Hesse - Meaning and reality were not hidden somewhere behind things, they were in them, in all of them.
Herodotus - Of all possessions a friend is the most precious.
Herodotus - I am bound to tell what I am told, but not in every case to believe it.
Herodotus - The ears of men are lesser agents of belief than their eyes.
Herodotus - Great deeds are usually wrought at great risks.
Herodotus - Circumstances rule men; men do not rule circumstances.
Herodotus - Men trust their ears less than their eyes.
Herodotus - In peace, sons bury their fathers. In war, fathers bury their sons.
Herodotus - Knowledge may give weight, but accomplishments give lustre, and many more people see than weigh.
Herodotus - The most hateful human misfortune is for a wise man to have no influence.
Herodotus - Of all men's miseries the bitterest is this: to know so much and to have control over nothing.
Hesiod - For a man wins nothing better than a good wife, and then again nothing deadlier than a bad one.
Hesiod - It will not always be summer; build barns.
Hesiod - It is not possible either to trick or escape the mind of Zeus.
Hesiod - Work is no disgrace: it is idleness which is a disgrace.
Hesiod - A day is sometimes our mother, sometimes our stepmother.
Hesiod - Do not let a flattering woman coax and wheedle you and deceive you; she is after your barn.
Hesiod - Whoever has trusted a woman has trusted deceivers.
Hesiod - Happy is the man whom the Muses love: sweet speech flows from his mouth.
Hesiod - Preserve the mean; the opportune moment is best in all things.
Hesiod - Wealth should not be seized, but the god-given is much better.
Hideo Kojima - I want to show people how there are variations and different interpretations of good and evil.
Hideo Kojima - As a creator, I always want to betray fans' expectations.
Hideo Kojima - My games are rather stressful games, where you have to play for a long time.
Hideo Kojima - I have always had a fascination about what's inside a human being.
Hideo Kojima - I don't really want to be a celebrity.
Hideo Kojima - My goal is to make a player think, 'I want to reenter this world of lies tomorrow.'
Hideo Kojima - What I'm really trying to do is create unique characters.
Hideo Kojima - I always say, 'This will be my last 'Metal Gear.'
Hideo Kojima - My biggest failure is 'Metal Gear.' It's my biggest failure and my biggest success.
Hideo Kojima - People nowadays don't know about the Cold War and the U.S.'s old rivalry with the U.S.S.R.
Hilary Duff - I think people assume I'm perfect. I'm not. I make mistakes. I do things I regret. I'm stubborn.
Hilary Duff - I think ambition can be having something that you're good at and love to do.
Hilary Duff - People talk worse about people than they talk good about people, because a lot of people like drama.
Hilary Duff - My life is very crazy and busy, but I love it that way.
Hilary Duff - Mom always tells me to celebrate everyone's uniqueness. I like the way that sounds.
Hilary Duff - No, I'm not! I'm not a tomboy! I love my makeup! That's not true! I'm not a tomboy!
Hilary Duff - You don't need to push your beliefs onto other people!
Hilary Duff - Sometimes I just wish I had a day off. I really need to clean my room.
Hilary Duff - I'm drawing the gossip surrounding the celebrity, or the image the celebrity tries to push on us.
Hilary Duff - My mom always says, 'If you don't believe in something, you'll lose yourself completely.'
Hilary Mantel - Hindsight is the historian's necessary vice.
Hilary Mantel - History is always changing behind us, and the past changes a little every time we retell it.
Hilary Mantel - I am very happy in second-hand bookshops; would a gardener not be happy in a garden?
Hilary Mantel - Like many people, I am addicted to the physical act of reading.
Hilary Mantel - Novels teach you that actions have consequences. They help you grow up.
Hilary Mantel - A novel should be a book of questions, not a book of answers.
Hilary Mantel - When you write, you are not either sex. But when you're read you are definitely gendered.
Hilary Mantel - My first two novels were very black comedies.
Hilary Mantel - I've got so many ideas, and sometimes the more exhausted my body gets, the more active my mind gets.
Hilary Mantel - Memory isn't a theme; it's part of the human condition.
Hilary Swank - You only have one life and if you're not doing what you love, what's the point?
Hilary Swank - I think that we're all continually searching for who we are, and that's ever-evolving and changing.
Hilary Swank - To me, working out is literally like eating a meal or drinking water or breathing.
Hilary Swank - 'Oh, the Places You'll Go!,' by Dr. Seuss, is still one of my favorite books ever.
Hilary Swank - Few people know this about me, but I love baking pies.
Hilary Swank - I like to play women who blaze trails.
Hilary Swank - Learning how to fly, for me, was so euphoric.
Hilary Swank - One thing I've learned: You never know where life is taking you, but it's taking you.
Hilary Swank - I had to fight my whole life to break out of my circumstances. That's just part of my makeup.
Hilary Swank - My relaxation has always been my animals - going to the dog park with them, going to the beach.
Hill Harper - Screening for colon cancer can stop cancer in its tracks.
Hill Harper - Credit card interest payments are the dumbest money of all.
Hill Harper - Many of us are in are in our own prisons that aren't made of iron bars.
Hill Harper - You deserve a great life. I want to see you become unreasonably happy. And you can. And you will.
Hill Harper - We are human beings. We operate from wanting to be rewarded.
Hill Harper - I think the number one safe haven where people put their money is to invest in yourself first.
Hill Harper - I believe that reality TV should be called 'not reality' TV; it's fiction.
Hill Harper - If you can't get excited about living life, then what are you doing?
Hill Harper - All work and no play make any forensic pathologist a dull boy.
Hill Harper - I love being athletic and doing things that are active, even when I'm traveling.
Hippocrates - Let food be thy medicine and medicine be thy food.
Hippocrates - Walking is man's best medicine.
Hippocrates - Wherever the art of medicine is loved, there is also a love of humanity.
Hippocrates - Healing is a matter of time, but it is sometimes also a matter of opportunity.
Hippocrates - Natural forces within us are the true healers of disease.
Hippocrates - Cure sometimes, treat often, comfort always.
Hippocrates - Everything in excess is opposed to nature.
Hippocrates - Make a habit of two things: to help; or at least to do no harm.
Hippocrates - Prayer indeed is good, but while calling on the gods a man should himself lend a hand.
Hippocrates - It's far more important to know what person the disease has than what disease the person has.
Holly Near - Why do we kill people who are killing people to show that killing people is wrong?
Holly Near - The war on drugs is a war against the communities.
Holly Near - I'm not allowing my perspective to be dictated by the dominant culture.
Holly Near - My parents encouraged thought. You'll get through life better if you learn how to think.
Holly Near - You can't just leave out one part; the bread won't rise if the yeast isn't there.
Holly Near - When we make mistakes, say, I'm blessed that I have an opportunity to learn from this.
Holly Near - People love to hear the mistakes you've made.
Holly Near - You just keep feeding hogwash to people, and pretty soon they'll eat it.
Holly Near - It is essential that men start being interested in and excited by how women think.
Holly Near - Language is like songs, like food, like dance-it is the expression of what we think.
Homaro Cantu - I love a great conspiracy story. Who doesn't?
Homaro Cantu - Nobody likes it when someone calls in sick.
Homaro Cantu - I am a firm believer that if you can explain it to a kid, you're on the right track.
Homaro Cantu - A food's value is based on how good it tastes.
Homaro Cantu - If you could eat portions of pine trees, you could eliminate corn in many ways.
Homaro Cantu - Algae is the perfect food plant. It doubles cell mass every twelve hours, depending on the strain.
Homaro Cantu - The Japanese have a long lifespan in part because they eat different forms of algae.
Homaro Cantu - The world is full of challenges, but with those come opportunity, and I'm an opportunist.
Homaro Cantu - We can create any sort of flavor on a printed image that we set our minds to.
Homaro Cantu - Gastronomy has to catch up to the evolution in technology.
Homer - A sympathetic friend can be quite as dear as a brother.
Homer - True friends appear less moved than counterfeit.
Homer - Hateful to me as the gates of Hades is that man who hides one thing in his heart and speaks another.
Homer - Words empty as the wind are best left unsaid.
Homer - Wise to resolve, and patient to perform.
Homer - The charity that is a trifle to us can be precious to others.
Homer - And what he greatly thought, he nobly dared.
Homer - The difficulty is not so great to die for a friend, as to find a friend worth dying for.
Homer - Two friends, two bodies with one soul inspired.
Homer - Light is the task where many share the toil.
Honore de Balzac - The heart of a mother is a deep abyss at the bottom of which you will always find forgiveness.
Honore de Balzac - Clouds symbolize the veils that shroud God.
Honore de Balzac - One should believe in marriage as in the immortality of the soul.
Honore de Balzac - A woman knows the face of the man she loves as a sailor knows the open sea.
Honore de Balzac - Society bristles with enigmas which look hard to solve. It is a perfect maze of intrigue.
Honore de Balzac - No man should marry until he has studied anatomy and dissected at least one woman.
Honore de Balzac - In diving to the bottom of pleasure we bring up more gravel than pearls.
Honore de Balzac - Laws are spider webs through which the big flies pass and the little ones get caught.
Honore de Balzac - The more one judges, the less one loves.
Honore de Balzac - A good husband is never the first to go to sleep at night or the last to awake in the morning.
Hope Solo - My confidence comes from the daily grind - training my butt off day in and day out.
Hope Solo - I just want to stay in my hotel room, read my book. I enjoy that private time.
Hope Solo - I couldn't have been a great goalkeeper without power, agility and quickness.
Hope Solo - Every athlete acquires routines as a way to help control nerves.
Hope Solo - Unfortunately, people think I'm negative and bitter all the time, and that's not the case.
Hope Solo - In truth, 2007 was the hardest year of my life. I lost my best friend. I lost my father.
Hope Solo - I don't need a captain's band to lead a team to victory.
Hope Solo - My life is a beautiful struggle.
Hope Solo - Of course Seattle loves soccer. You can see from the men's Seattle Sounders team.
Hope Solo - On a global stage, I have respect in the goalkeeping world.
Horace - A picture is a poem without words.
Horace - Mix a little foolishness with your serious plans. It is lovely to be silly at the right moment.
Horace - The pen is the tongue of the mind.
Horace - Nothing's beautiful from every point of view.
Horace - Fidelity is the sister of justice.
Horace - Don't think, just do.
Horace - Pale Death beats equally at the poor man's gate and at the palaces of kings.
Horace - Cease to inquire what the future has in store, and take as a gift whatever the day brings forth.
Horace - Life grants nothing to us mortals without hard work.
Horace - Pale death, with impartial step, knocks at the hut of the poor and the towers of kings.
Horace Greeley - The illusion that times that were are better than those that are, has probably pervaded all ages.
Horace Greeley - Journalism will kill you, but it will keep you alive while you're at it.
Horace Greeley - Fame is a vapor; popularity an accident; riches take wings; the only earthly certainty is oblivion.
Horace Greeley - I am the inferior of any man whose rights I trample underfoot.
Horace Greeley - The darkest hour in any man's life is when he sits down to plan how to get money without earning it.
Horace Greeley - Always rise from the table with an appetite, and you will never sit down without one.
Horace Greeley - Apathy is a sort of living oblivion.
Horace Greeley - There is no bigotry like that of 'free thought' run to seed.
Horace Greeley - Common sense is very uncommon.
Horace Greeley - Go west, young man.
Horace Mann - Seek not greatness, but seek truth and you will find both.
Horace Mann - Education is our only political safety. Outside of this ark all is deluge.
Horace Mann - Be ashamed to die until you have won some victory for humanity.
Horace Mann - It is well to think well; it is divine to act well.
Horace Mann - Evil and good are God's right hand and left.
Horace Mann - Doing nothing for others is the undoing of ourselves.
Horace Mann - To pity distress is but human; to relieve it is Godlike.
Horace Mann - Manners easily and rapidly mature into morals.
Horace Mann - A human being is not attaining his full heights until he is educated.
Horace Mann - If any man seeks for greatness, let him forget greatness and ask for truth, and he will find both.
Horace Walpole - This world is a comedy to those that think, a tragedy to those that feel.
Horace Walpole - The whole secret of life is to be interested in one thing profoundly and in a thousand things well.
Horace Walpole - Nine-tenths of the people were created so you would want to be with the other tenth.
Horace Walpole - Men are sent into the world with bills of credit, and seldom draw to their full extent.
Horace Walpole - The wisest prophets make sure of the event first.
Horace Walpole - In all science, error precedes the truth, and it is better it should go first than last.
Horace Walpole - It was easier to conquer it than to know what to do with it.
Horace Walpole - By deafness one gains in one respect more than one loses; one misses more nonsense than sense.
Horace Walpole - We often repent of our first thoughts, and scarce ever of our second.
Horace Walpole - Oh that I were seated as high as my ambition, I'd place my naked foot on the necks of monarchs.
Horatio Nelson - Treat every Frenchman as if he was the devil himself.
Horatio Nelson - Gentlemen, when the enemy is committed to a mistake we must not interrupt him too soon.
Horatio Nelson - No captain can do very wrong if he places his ship alongside that of the enemy.
Horatio Nelson - Time is everything; five minutes make the difference between victory and defeat.
Horatio Nelson - England expects that every man will do his duty.
Horatio Nelson - Desperate affairs require desperate measures.
Horatio Nelson - First gain the victory and then make the best use of it you can.
Horatio Nelson - I cannot command winds and weather.
Horatio Nelson - I could not tread these perilous paths in safety, if I did not keep a saving sense of humor.
Horatio Nelson - I have only one eye, I have a right to be blind sometimes... I really do not see the signal!
Howard Dean - I'm just deeply disappointed that once again we may have to settle for the lesser of two evils.
Howard Dean - John Ashcroft is not a patriot, John Ashcroft is a descendant of Joseph McCarthy.
Howard Dean - I've waffled before. I'll waffle again.
Howard Dean - Every day it becomes clearer that this was the wrong war at the wrong time.
Howard Dean - We won't always have the strongest military.
Howard Dean - This is a struggle of good and evil. And we're the good.
Howard Dean - I don't care what you label me as long as you call me president.
Howard Dean - Real Democrats don't make promises they can't keep.
Howard Dean - The fact is that we wouldn't be in Iraq if it weren't for Democrats like Senator Kerry.
Howard Dean - I've always been endorsed by the National Rifle Association.
Howard Jacobson - We shouldn't be too hard on vanity. It can be a mark of respect for the world.
Howard Jacobson - Sentimentality works by our seeing only what we want to see.
Howard Jacobson - Nostalgic myself, I am a sucker for other men's nostalgia.
Howard Jacobson - Not every anti-Semite is Joseph Goebbels. You can not like Jews much and be no great harm to them.
Howard Jacobson - A writer should never allow himself to be lulled out of the vigilance native to his profession.
Howard Jacobson - Does anyone who leaves a Baltic country ever want to return to it? Someone must, I suppose.
Howard Jacobson - The more educated we are, the less we are prepared to tolerate views contrary to our own.
Howard Jacobson - There's a problem with narratives. Most that spring to mind are fictional.
Howard Jacobson - Artless fairy stories enchant us in our first years and retain their hold on us until our last.
Howard Jacobson - For my own poor part, I go to great lengths to keep my nostrils sightly.
Howard Rheingold - Any virtual community that works, works because people put in some time.
Howard Rheingold - By the time you get a job, you know how to behave in a meeting or how to write a simple memo.
Howard Rheingold - Advertising in the past has been predicated on a mass market and a captive audience.
Howard Rheingold - You can't pick up the telephone and say, 'Connect me with someone else who has a kid with leukemia.'
Howard Rheingold - Its not a global village, but we're in a highly interconnected globe.
Howard Rheingold - Openness and participation are antidotes to surveillance and control.
Howard Rheingold - Some digital natives are extraordinarily savvy.
Howard Rheingold - We like technology because we don't have to talk to anybody.
Howard Rheingold - Craigslist is about authenticity. Craig has paid his dues, and people respect him.
Howard Rheingold - People move from place to place and job to job, but they no longer need to lose touch.
Howard Schultz - I can't imagine a day without coffee. I can't imagine!
Howard Schultz - Starbucks represents something beyond a cup of coffee.
Howard Schultz - We need to reinvent food at Starbucks. Less could be more.
Howard Schultz - Cutting prices or putting things on sale is not sustainable business strategy.
Howard Schultz - I think if you're an entrepreneur, you've got to dream big and then dream bigger.
Howard Schultz - We think of Starbucks not as a coffee company but a media company.
Howard Schultz - Starbucks has changed the rules of engagement for the music industry.
Howard Schultz - Do I take criticism of Starbucks personally? Of course I do.
Howard Schultz - Starbucks is in my blood. It is such a part of me that letting it unravel simply was not an option.
Howard Schultz - At an early age, my mother gave me this feeling that anything is possible, and I believe that.
Howard Stern - It's no treat being in bed with me.
Howard Stern - I seem to be some sort of lightning rod. I just really irritate people, you know? I really do.
Howard Stern - I'm on the air five hours, and I blurt out anything in my head. Dangerous? Maybe.
Howard Stern - I think I'm probably a little too desperate to be successful.
Howard Stern - Well, first of all, I'm worth every penny.
Howard Stern - I don't talk about my salary.
Howard Stern - I'm the voice of honesty.
Howard Stern - I feel blessed, I really feel fulfilled.
Howard Stern - I've come to appreciate other people's talents.
Howard Stern - Late night television is ready for someone like me... standards have gone to an all-time low.
Howie Mandel - My point of reference is life, in everything that I do.
Howie Mandel - The success of any stand-up act comes out of life experience.
Howie Mandel - I am beloved by millions.
Howie Mandel - People who annoy people are the luckiest people in the world.
Howie Mandel - I'm from Canada, so Thanksgiving to me is just Thursday with more food. And I'm thankful for that.
Howie Mandel - I think the solution to making this world better is if we would just be healthy, mentally.
Howie Mandel - I think being a dad is scary. I mean, I'm not that grown-up myself.
Howie Mandel - My childlike qualities sometimes lead me to jump into projects without thinking of the consequences.
Howie Mandel - There's no skill. You can be a rock and move into another cash bracket.
Howie Mandel - We were a very small circle of writers. Everybody brought to the table their own life experience.
Hozier - I don't like false happy endings, and I don't think the real world is such a forgiving place.
Hozier - My musical education was grounded in blues and Chicago blues - John Lee Hooker and Otis Redding.
Hozier - Being in a studio is quite a creative and energetic process.
Hozier - When I first started to sing, I just swung at it with an axe.
Hozier - The best vocalists I can think of are female.
Hozier - I always thought of myself as a very, very obscure artist.
Hozier - I love Muddy Waters and Nina Simone. I also watched 'The Blues Brothers' movie over and over.
Hozier - I never wrote music for the mainstream.
Hozier - Blues is a very physical music.
Hozier - I just hate getting my hair cut.
Hubert H. Humphrey - The greatest gift of life is friendship, and I have received it.
Hubert H. Humphrey - The greatest healing therapy is friendship and love.
Hubert H. Humphrey - Behind every successful man is a proud wife and a surprised mother-in-law.
Hubert H. Humphrey - Never give in and never give up.
Hubert H. Humphrey - Behind every successful man stands a surprised mother-in-law.
Hubert H. Humphrey - To be realistic today is to be visionary. To be realistic is to be starry-eyed.
Hubert H. Humphrey - It is not what they take away from you that counts. It's what you do with what you have left.
Hubert H. Humphrey - Unfortunately, our affluent society has also been an effluent society.
Hubert H. Humphrey - Freedom is hammered out on the anvil of discussion, dissent, and debate.
Hubert H. Humphrey - To err is human. To blame someone else is politics.
Huey Lewis - I know my choices will be creative so long as I follow my heart.
Huey Lewis - I am deluded enough to think I can bring something to the table.
Huey Lewis - I was in a vintage pub rock band called Clover in the 1970s.
Huey Lewis - It's true, I do like cheering people up.
Huey Lewis - I am a Bay Area guy, no question.
Huey Lewis - Film is a lark to me - thank God I don't have to make a living from it.
Huey Lewis - I don't tap dance, and I don't think you can learn to tap dance in three weeks at my ripe old age.
Huey Lewis - I was knocked out by the show, Chicago.
Huey Lewis - Our first record, 'Huey Lewis And The News', was seen by no one - it sold 25 copies.
Huey Lewis - Today, it's very tempting to create songs by cutting and pasting in the studio.
Huey Newton - My fear was not of death itself, but a death without meaning.
Huey Newton - Sometimes if you want to get rid of the gun, you have to pick the gun up.
Huey Newton - We have two evils to fight, capitalism and racism. We must destroy both racism and capitalism.
Huey Newton - Any unarmed people are slaves, or are subject to slavery at any given moment.
Huey Newton - I have the people behind me and the people are my strength.
Huey Newton - The revolution has always been in the hands of the young. The young always inherit the revolution.
Huey Newton - Black Power is giving power to people who have not had power to determine their destiny.
Huey Newton - I think what motivates people is not great hate, but great love for other people.
Huey Newton - The walls, the bars, the guns and the guards can never encircle or hold down the idea of the people.
Huey Newton - The first lesson a revolutionary must learn is that he is a doomed man.
Hugh Grant - A free press is the cornerstone of democracy; there is no question about that.
Hugh Grant - The moral of filmmaking in Britain is that you will be screwed by the weather.
Hugh Grant - You know everyone loves to be the villain.
Hugh Grant - I think that's the whole point of Bridget Jones. It's all about that it's okay to fail.
Hugh Grant - I don't have any particular burning desire to go back to being cuddly. Not really.
Hugh Grant - Basically, my life is so boring, it's embarrassing.
Hugh Grant - I'm horrible in the mornings. I'm grumpy.
Hugh Grant - I think there's something unromantic about marriage. You're closing yourself off.
Hugh Grant - Comedy is probably a way of dealing with anxiety. Sometimes it's a way of dealing with pain.
Hugh Grant - I'm not a hopeless romantic. I'm quite the reverse. I'm a nasty piece of work, an ego maniac.
Hugh Hefner - It's good to be selfish. But not so self-centered that you never listen to other people.
Hugh Hefner - I guess I'm the most successful man I know. I wouldn't trade places with anybody in the world.
Hugh Hefner - Life is too short to be living somebody else's dream.
Hugh Hefner - Surrounding myself with beautiful women keeps me young.
Hugh Hefner - Picasso had his pink period and his blue period. I am in my blonde period right now.
Hugh Hefner - The major civilizing force in the world is not religion, it is sex.
Hugh Hefner - I have about 100 pairs of pajamas. I like to see people dressed comfortably.
Hugh Hefner - My parents are wonderful people and they instilled in me an idealism for which I'm grateful.
Hugh Hefner - You know, from my point of view, I'm the luckiest cat on the planet.
Hugh Hefner - I am in very good health. I've never felt better.
Hugh Jackman - To me, the smell of fresh-made coffee is one of the greatest inventions.
Hugh Jackman - To get down to the quick of it, respect motivates me - not success.
Hugh Jackman - Your wife is always right. Very simple. I think I'm going to get it tattooed on my forehead.
Hugh Jackman - Salvatore Ferragamo have done some nice handmade suits for me.
Hugh Jackman - If I'm a lush at anything, it's food and drink. I'm not materialistic in any way, but I value food.
Hugh Jackman - I'd sell my soul for a good cause.
Hugh Jackman - Anyone who thinks they're indispensible is fooling themselves.
Hugh Jackman - I would love to have a robot at home.
Hugh Jackman - I like the Rolling Stones for karaoke. 'Sympathy For The Devil' is a great one.
Hugh Jackman - I'm quite a competitive person, so I do quite like to win.
Hugh Laurie - I am a coffee fanatic. Once you go to proper coffee, you can't go back. You cannot go back.
Hugh Laurie - I think there is a basic comfort in clever people who know things.
Hugh Laurie - I never was someone who was at ease with happiness.
Hugh Laurie - To be able to pretend to be something that I'm frankly not is very liberating and exciting.
Hugh Laurie - Screenwriting is the most prized of all the cinematic arts. Actually, it isn't, but it should be.
Hugh Laurie - I hate menus, I hate choosing food. I just want to be brought. Bring me dinner!
Hugh Laurie - Believe it or not, perhaps I don't show it much, or well, but I think I like people.
Hugh Laurie - You hope that your teenage self would like and forgive your 50-year-old self.
Hugh Laurie - I do actually like Los Angeles. Partly because I was told I wouldn't.
Hugh Laurie - Pain is an event. It happens to you, and you deal with it in whatever way you can.
Hugo Chavez - Mutual respect! That's what it takes to be friends.
Hugo Chavez - There is no turning back.
Hugo Chavez - We must confront the privileged elite who have destroyed a large part of the world.
Hugo Chavez - They do not walk in... the path of Christ.
Hugo Chavez - This has been a great victory for the Venezuelan people.
Hugo Chavez - Venezuela has changed forever.
Hugo Chavez - I am a President held prisoner, that I haven't resigned and I will not resign.
Hugo Chavez - I remember. How many minutes do I have left President? About one, one minute.
Hugo Chavez - We're not perfect, but we do have democracy.
Hugo Chavez - I hereby accuse the North American empire of being the biggest menace to our planet.
Humphrey Bogart - The whole world is about three drinks behind.
Humphrey Bogart - Things are never so bad they can't be made worse.
Humphrey Bogart - I should never have switched from Scotch to Martinis.
Humphrey Bogart - The only point in making money is, you can tell some big shot where to go.
Humphrey Bogart - The problem with the world is that everyone is a few drinks behind.
Humphrey Bogart - I was born when you kissed me. I died when you left me. I lived a few weeks while you loved me.
Humphrey Bogart - The only thing you owe the public is a good performance.
Humphrey Bogart - You're not a star until they can spell your name in Karachi.
Humphrey Bogart - All you owe the public is a good performance.
Humphrey Bogart - Well everybody in Casablanca has problems. Yours may work out.
Hunter Hayes - I am blessed beyond belief.
Hunter Hayes - I'm a nerd. Total geek. I never went to homecoming or prom or anything.
Hunter Hayes - I just love music gear, I'm a total geek all around.
Hunter Hayes - I grew up in a fun-loving environment - you work hard and play hard.
Hunter Hayes - If I could make noise with anything, I was going to.
Hunter Hayes - All the people I hung out with were musicians.
Hunter Hayes - Thank you to country radio for believing in me.
Hunter Hayes - When I was in high school, I had binders with pictures of tour buses.
Hunter Hayes - I'm in my dream world.
Hunter Hayes - I want people to say about me, 'I know he's making music because he loves it.'
Huston Smith - Swallow your pride and admit that we all need help at times.
Huston Smith - Rationalism and Newtonian science has lured us into dark woods, but a new metaphysics can rescue us.
Huston Smith - The most powerful moral influence is example.
Huston Smith - In order to live man must believe in that for which he lives.
Huston Smith - The faith I was born into formed me.
Huston Smith - Religion is the call to confront reality; to master the self.
Huston Smith - God is defined by Jesus but not confined to Jesus.
Huston Smith - The Buddha is in me, the Buddha is in you. Live up to it.
Huston Smith - In nature, the emphasis is in what is rather than what ought to be.
Huston Smith - I grew up taking it for granted that missionaries were what American boys grew up to be.
Iain Duncan Smith - Do not underestimate the determination of a quiet man.
Iain Duncan Smith - Luck is great, but most of life is hard work.
Iain Duncan Smith - Too many couples break up without understanding the consequences for their families.
Iain Duncan Smith - Aspiration, it seems, is in danger of becoming the preserve of the wealthy.
Iain Duncan Smith - The public thinks that homelessness is about not having any accommodation to go to.
Iain Duncan Smith - A good proportion of foreign nationals in jobs in the UK are in semi or low-skilled occupations.
Iain Duncan Smith - We do not celebrate people who have made success out of serious hard work.
Iain Duncan Smith - After years of piecemeal reform the current welfare system is complex and unfair.
Iain Duncan Smith - Over the years the political establishment has frowned if a mainstream politician mentions marriage.
Iain Duncan Smith - The financial costs of family breakdown are incredibly high.
Iain Glen - My first priority is to my wife, as hers is to me, and to our child.
Iain Glen - A bicycle has transformed my experience of London.
Iain Glen - You really are being quite foolish to smoke.
Iain Glen - I'm not sure I'm the sort of actor people are hugely interested in finding out an awful lot about.
Iain Glen - You're spoilt as an actor if you are in that small percentage that works regularly.
Iain Glen - I'm happiest when I can just be a director and watch.
Iain Glen - I've been aware of the work I do as an actor being directorial in feel.
Iain Glen - I'm too much of a big kid.
Iain Glen - I don't know anyone who's suffered lung cancer.
Iain Glen - I don't crave Hollywood.
Ian Fleming - Older women are best, because they always think they may be doing it for the last time.
Ian Fleming - Never say 'no' to adventures. Always say 'yes', otherwise you'll lead a very dull life.
Ian Fleming - Most marriages don't add two people together. They subtract one from the other.
Ian Fleming - Once is happenstance. Twice is coincidence. Three times is enemy action.
Ian Fleming - I shall not waste my days in trying to prolong them.
Ian Fleming - Men want a woman whom they can turn on and off like a light switch.
Ian Fleming - You only live twice. Once when you are born and once when you look death in the face.
Ian Fleming - A horse is dangerous at both ends and uncomfortable in the middle.
Ian Fleming - A woman should be an illusion.
Ian Fleming - If I wait for the genius to come, it just doesn't arrive.
Ian Frazier - Everything in Russia is made of cement - phone booths, fence posts and light bulbs.
Ian Frazier - Russians don't complain, usually.
Ian Frazier - When I needed to think or was really upset, generally I climbed a tree.
Ian Frazier - Words are charms. It's like a song you didn't even know you knew.
Ian Frazier - I only saw one English-speaking person all the way across Siberia.
Ian Frazier - Siberia is a state of mind.
Ian Frazier - Russian humor is to adapt or make some sense or nonsense out of the insanity of their lives.
Ian Frazier - People in Russia adapt to misery by a deep, deep humor.
Ian Frazier - I would hate to see the idea of freedom disappear, and I wonder if maybe it will.
Ian Frazier - I don't have a disregard for my reader in humor pieces.
Ian Hacking - In every generation, there are quite firm rules on how to behave when you are crazy.
Ian Hacking - Great books are rare.
Ian Hacking - Each of us becomes a new person as we re-describe the past.
Ian Hacking - Molecular biology has routinely taken problematic things under its wing without altering core ideas.
Ian Hacking - I'm a dilettante. My governing word is 'curiosity.'
Ian Hacking - One of Kuhn's marvellous legacies is science studies as we know it today.
Ian Hacking - One of the things Kuhn said about normal science is that people 'expect' things to be discovered.
Ian Hacking - We do not need to have a way to talk clearly about other people's images.
Ian Hacking - Brain science will be the most popular science of the early twenty-first century.
Ian Hacking - Among the lesser effects of quantum theory are gaping holes in old ideas about causality.
Ian Hart - We tend to think about fascism in terms of the Second World War.
Ian Hart - Everyone should be good at what they do.
Ian Hart - I hate auditions - when I'm doing them, I can't wait to get out the bleeding door.
Ian Hart - I just want to be rich and famous.
Ian Hart - I was relatively technically adept. I can edit and wire up a light.
Ian Hart - I'm belligerent rather than ambitious.
Ian Hart - I'm not usually attracted to big-budget American films.
Ian Hart - I've only used my own voice about four times on film.
Ian Hart - Not being able to work would make me very unhappy.
Ian Hart - That's what I like about Neil Jordan's films: everyone is better at what they do than you are.
Ian Mcewan - I was an intimate sort of child who never spoke up in groups. I preferred close friends.
Ian Mcewan - You can spin stories out of the ways people understand and misunderstand each other.
Ian Mcewan - One has to have the courage of one's pessimism.
Ian Mcewan - I don't hold grudges.
Ian Mcewan - Now, I'm an atheist. I really don't believe for a moment that our moral sense comes from a god.
Ian Mcewan - True intelligence requires fabulous imagination.
Ian Mcewan - I've yet to meet somebody who said, 'Your stories are so revolting I couldn't read them.'
Ian Mcewan - Not being boring is quite a challenge.
Ian Mcewan - What reader wants to be told what attitude to strike?
Ian Mcewan - Reading reviews makes you thin-skinned. It's like waves washing layers off your skin.
Ian Mckellen - 'Macbeth' was a very lucky play for me.
Ian Mckellen - I love the Broadway audiences, who relish live drama and don't hesitate to display their enthusiasm.
Ian Mckellen - Every anti-gay remark from the Church gives the thug a license to be cruel.
Ian Mckellen - I'm not quite as cool as I would like to be, really.
Ian Mckellen - One thing Middle-earth is short on is the feminine.
Ian Mckellen - Gandalf is in Middle-earth to keep an eye on everybody, and that can be a rather serious matter.
Ian Mckellen - I'm the sort of person who doesn't write in ink. I only write in pencil, so it can be rubbed out.
Ian Mckellen - I learned that coming out was crucial to self-esteem.
Ian Mckellen - You mustn't upstage the bride.
Ian Mckellen - I've often thought the Bible should have a disclaimer in the front saying, 'This is fiction.'
Ian McShane - You don't particularly want to stay close to your ex-wife. Or why would she be your ex-wife?
Ian McShane - What you do is, you just do the gig, enjoy, get on with it, and treat the rest as horse doodle.
Ian McShane - The bad boy: always more fun.
Ian McShane - Bosses will tell you they are looking for something different but they're not, actually.
Ian McShane - I mean, I'm an actor. I do what comes along.
Ian McShane - Every actor has to love and loathe the character he plays.
Ian McShane - I don't believe in the death penalty, but I understand personal vengeance.
Ian McShane - My daughter said, 'I don't think granddad really suits you.'
Ian McShane - Acting is great therapy - you get to do things you'd normally get arrested for.
Ian McShane - There's only two kinds of actors - good ones and bad ones... and lucky ones and unlucky ones.
Ian Rush - You've got to have a dream... if you don't have any big dreams, nothing happens.
Ian Rush - Moving from Wales to Italy is like moving to a different country.
Ian Rush - I couldn't settle in Italy - it was like living in a foreign country.
Ian Rush - I love horse racing, I play golf, and I love travelling.
Ian Rush - You can enjoy yourself, but you need to look after yourself as well.
Ian Rush - I've got tremendous respect for different cultures, for the food and everything.
Ian Rush - I like the Stereophonics. I know the lead singer, Kelly Jones, and there's the Welsh connection.
Ian Rush - The only thing I can cook is Welsh rarebit.
Ian Rush - I was so shy when I was younger. When I first went to Liverpool I didn't say a word for a year.
Ian Rush - It's different from Liverpool. Boston seems to be a friendly place.
Ian Somerhalder - I have a million acquaintances but just two or three true friends. I can't hide anything from them.
Ian Somerhalder - No one knows what women want!
Ian Somerhalder - I kind of think too much, I try do too many things at once.
Ian Somerhalder - You can't get anywhere without the people who have come into your life.
Ian Somerhalder - I never wanted to be one of those actors with a political agenda.
Ian Somerhalder - There are always decades that interest people. For me, that's the Roaring Twenties.
Ian Somerhalder - I don't ever want anything to come in the way of me truthfully telling a story.
Ian Somerhalder - Every love story needs a catalyst of some sort.
Ian Somerhalder - The most underused, under-appreciated group of people in the world is our youth.
Ian Somerhalder - I just want to make it clear that I have been working since I was ten years old.
Ida Lupino - I'd love to see more women working as directors and producers.
Ida Lupino - Often I pretended to a cameraman to know less than I did. That way I got more cooperation.
Ida Lupino - Come hell or high water, adopted or my own. I am going to have, I must have some kids.
Ida Lupino - I'd rather work all night and sleep all day... perhaps I was a mole in my last incarnation.
Ida Lupino - I had no desire to crash a man's world.
Ida Lupino - Any woman who wishes to smash into the world of men isn't very feminine.
Ida Lupino - I didn't see myself as any advance guard, or feminist.
Ida Lupino - I knew it would break his heart if I didn't go into the business.
Ida Lupino - Keeping a feminine approach is vital - men hate bossy females.
Ida Lupino - Whereupon, at the tender age of thirteen, I set upon the path of playing nothing but hookers.
Idina Menzel - I like to originate new roles and characters for musical theater.
Idina Menzel - I just enjoy being onstage and relating to the audience.
Idina Menzel - The truth is I love musical theater and always have.
Idina Menzel - Being a role model is about being true to myself.
Idina Menzel - Things happen for a reason, and in their own time.
Idina Menzel - There are lots of things I'm acquainting myself with now to be a more well-rounded person.
Idina Menzel - The most successful people are so original.
Idina Menzel - I don't quite know how to put it into words, but I feel for the audience that I have; I know them.
Idina Menzel - I started singing weddings and bar mitzvahs at 15, lying about my age. It was a great discipline.
Idina Menzel - I'm smart enough to know to work with smart people.
Idris Elba - Not obsessed with particularly Nike, but sneakers in general. I love them.
Idris Elba - I would never be fearful of any character.
Idris Elba - In some countries, no one knows who Idris Elba is.
Idris Elba - Whether it's music or acting, that creativity all comes from the same source.
Idris Elba - Africans, we hold on to our youths and whip them into shape.
Idris Elba - I was into Spider Man when I was a kid and that was the only comic I've ever read.
Idris Elba - I tend to stay away from the comics.
Idris Elba - You watch yourself age and it's hard to feel like a sex symbol.
Idris Elba - I love to play different roles. That's just the kind of actor I am.
Idris Elba - I've been DJing mostly, and most DJs end up producing. That's just me.
Iggy Azalea - I'd known since about eleven that I wanted to live in America.
Iggy Azalea - I naturally want to be provocative.
Iggy Azalea - I think that music is still art, even if it's commercialised.
Iggy Azalea - We don't really watch basketball in Australia.
Iggy Azalea - Music is art to me, and you don't censor art. You don't go into a museum and censor things.
Iggy Azalea - I hated school so bad. I only liked art class during high school. I was always smart.
Iggy Azalea - I love purple because my name is Amethyst.
Iggy Azalea - Not every artist is a role model.
Iggy Azalea - My real name is Amethyst. It sounds like a stage name. My mom is kind of crazy.
Iggy Azalea - Being talked about like a package - I feel like that all the time.
Iggy Pop - What did Christ really do? He hung out with hard-drinking fishermen.
Iggy Pop - Living in England was wonderfully civil and easy-going.
Iggy Pop - What some people would call antics, I would just call a good show.
Iggy Pop - Stages are getting higher and higher, and I'm getting older and older.
Iggy Pop - I'm a travel enthusiast.
Iggy Pop - I like music that's more offensive. I like it to sound like nails on a blackboard, get me wild.
Iggy Pop - If I don't terrorize, I'm not Pop.
Iggy Pop - She looked at me penetratingly. So I suppose you can figure out what happened next.
Iggy Pop - I find it hard to focus looking forward. So I look backward.
Iggy Pop - The more walking-around money I have, the less I walk around.
Ikue Mori - Improvising things is always changing. A lot of momentum.
Ikue Mori - Come to think of it, the way I play is like a drum machine- very mechanical.
Ikue Mori - I got tired of different drum sounds so you buy different effects for more manipulation.
Ikue Mori - I'm interested in stories and the dark side of peoples' minds.
Ikue Mori - With a rock band, you play the same things over and over and over.
Ikue Mori - Blood and death. That moves me.
Ikue Mori - I really didn't intend to be a musician when I left Japan.
Ikue Mori - I was playing in other rock bands. Any of those bands didn't last long.
Ikue Mori - So now I don't have time to practice drums. It's been five years since I've touched the drums.
Ikue Mori - I've done some music for films and I really enjoy doing it.
Illeana Douglas - I know as I'm taking my dying breath, the ambulance guy will ask me why they cancelled Action.
Illeana Douglas - I come from a pretty strange family.
Illeana Douglas - When I do a character, I try to base it on someone I have met or an experience I've had.
Illeana Douglas - We were big Saturday Night Live and Eddie Murphy fans.
Illeana Douglas - There's too much insecurity on studio sets, with all the people standing around, whispering.
Illeana Douglas - It's nice to see a movie where people are actually succeeding.
Illeana Douglas - In high school, my goal was to be a writer for SNL, then I got into the acting.
Illeana Douglas - The best situation is where they cast you and then they trust you.
Illeana Douglas - I'm a huge poster collector.
Illeana Douglas - I want to be an animated character. I'm also doing more writing and directing.
Iman - Eliminating the things you love is not wellness. Wellness feeds your soul and makes you feel good.
Iman - The people who are the most successful in life are not stopped by fear.
Iman - Life is too short not to have pasta, steak, and butter.
Iman - The day you settle for less is the day you will get less.
Iman - Beauty is being comfortable and confident in your own skin.
Iman - I am the face of a refugee. I was once a refugee. I was with my family in exile.
Iman - If I feel frustrated in a situation, I take a deep breath and walk away.
Iman - It's really not a good idea to forecast or double guess the fates; you will always be fooled.
Iman - Nobody has ever said to me that I was pretty, 'til I met Peter Beard.
Iman - My looks have changed. I have laugh lines - not wrinkles.
Imelda May - I don't see why women have to get naked to sell an album. It's crazy.
Imelda May - I'm a big believer in 'pick yourself up, dust yourself off, and start again.'
Imelda May - I don't do grey. I like my colour, my style.
Imelda May - When I'm writing, I mean what I'm saying - there's a lot of me in each song.
Imelda May - I was one of those annoying kids that loves singing and entertaining.
Imelda May - I believe in God.
Imelda May - I think I'd like to be one of those eccentric 80-year-old women.
Imelda May - I never co-write. I've tried it before, and I just can't do it.
Imelda May - I enjoy music so much; it's such a passion in my life, and I hope that comes across.
Imelda May - I got my first leopard print coat when I was 15. I nearly got beat up, but I was happy with it.
Imelda Staunton - You can only do your best. That's all you can do. And if it isn't good enough, it isn't good enough.
Imelda Staunton - Agents and producers have to get you into a box to accommodate their limited imaginations.
Imelda Staunton - Fortunately my career has never been about how I look, it's about how I can be.
Imelda Staunton - I've always liked new writing.
Imelda Staunton - If you're at an award ceremony, you're against your mates.
Imelda Staunton - Look at Judi Dench, who's brilliant in whatever bloody job she does.
Imelda Staunton - I was brought up a Catholic, so I take no pleasure in guilt.
Imelda Staunton - I've always tried to fight against, 'Oh, who's that small funny actress? Let's get her.'
Imelda Staunton - A lot of film stars are just playing themselves in different frocks.
Imelda Staunton - Both my parents had heart problems: my mother had type 2 diabetes, and my father had a stroke.
Imogen Cunningham - Some people say to me, Isn't it too bad that people discovered you so late? I never thought that.
Imogen Cunningham - I became kind of a drop-out in science after I came back to America. I wanted to photograph.
Imogen Cunningham - I don't know what love means.
Imogen Cunningham - It's silly to keep people alive who have a terrible disease.
Imogen Cunningham - I told the students that whatever they did in class was for the wastebasket.
Imogen Cunningham - I think San Francisco is the best place in the whole world for an easy life.
Imogen Cunningham - I turn people into human beings by not making them into gods.
Imogen Cunningham - When people ask me silly questions about my private life, I just say, I don't discuss that.
Imogen Cunningham - I don't love the world. I think Jupiter should have hit us.
Imogen Cunningham - When you do portraits professionally it's not a desire, it's for money.
Imogen Poots - San Francisco, coolest place ever.
Imogen Poots - I love my real mom and dad; I love them both equally.
Imogen Poots - I still try to be a feminist in some tiny way.
Imogen Poots - I'm lucky in that I have close friends and family and my agent to advise me.
Imogen Poots - I do think 'All Is by My Side' is the type of film I'm the most happiest.
Imogen Poots - I love America a lot. I really do.
Imogen Poots - If I'm really honest, I'm not a huge fan of scary films.
Imogen Poots - I can scare myself like a pro.
Imogen Poots - I do admit to being slightly in love with Christopher Walken.
Imogen Poots - If a role has been too one-dimensional, I have turned it down.
Imran Khan - The team which handles the pressure best, carries the day.
Imran Khan - What I perceive, is above all justice, where everyone has the same law.
Imran Khan - Win or lose today I am proud of the way my boys have played in the tournament.
Imran Khan - I believed in myself. I never imagined myself as just an ordinary player.
Imran Khan - In Pakistan politics is hereditary.
Imran Khan - But I don't need to use politics as a way of making money.
Imran Khan - Pakistan needs to have decentralisation and a good local government system.
Imran Khan - If your house is burning, wouldn't you try and put out the fire?
Imran Khan - At the moment we have a ruling class that has one law and the people the other.
Imran Khan - During my 21 years of playing cricket, I have never been approached by anyone or offered a bribe.
Imtiaz Ali - When you write a story, it just flows and you don't control it. It's subconscious.
Imtiaz Ali - The physical journey in my films is indicative of the internal journey that my characters take.
Imtiaz Ali - Anything I wanted to do and achieve has not been influential in my life, but my failures have.
Imtiaz Ali - 'Love Aaj Kal' is not really a road movie, but it does involve some travel.
Imtiaz Ali - I'm not the 'look at me' kind of a person. I do not like showing off in public or written about.
Imtiaz Ali - I want to direct what I feel is interesting - not what is supposed to be my zone.
Imtiaz Ali - I'm not educated about cinema or genres.
Imtiaz Ali - I try to travel as much as I can... I'm always looking for a reason to.
Imtiaz Ali - My job is to tell a story, and the decisions about the casting have to be honest.
Imtiaz Ali - I think 'Rockstar' is more dear to me than any of my other films.
Ina Garten - You don't have to do everything from scratch. Nobody wants to make puff pastry!
Ina Garten - People have more fun if they don't eat so much they have to be taken home in an ambulance.
Ina Garten - I like almonds as a snack - keeps your energy up but doesn't fill you up.
Ina Garten - I always like to have flowers on the table. I think they make it look special.
Ina Garten - I use other cookbooks for inspiration. I must say I tend to cook from my own cookbooks for parties.
Ina Garten - The most overrated tool: a pasta maker. Why make it when you can buy it? It's a lot of work!
Ina Garten - Grilled cheese and tomato soup is the ultimate comfort meal.
Ina Garten - I love to take something ordinary and make it really special.
Ina Garten - If you think about a Thanksgiving dinner, it's really like making a large chicken.
Ina Garten - Creme Brulee is the ultimate 'guy' dessert. Make it and he'll follow you anywhere.
Ingmar Bergman - I write scripts to serve as skeletons awaiting the flesh and sinew of images.
Ingmar Bergman - There is something joyous about not talking.
Ingmar Bergman - I hope I never get so old I get religious.
Ingmar Bergman - For me, the human face is the most important subject of the cinema.
Ingmar Bergman - Not a day has gone by in my life when I haven't thought about death.
Ingmar Bergman - When I'm on Faro, I'm never lonely.
Ingmar Bergman - The anger and the creativity are so closely intertwined with me, and there's plenty of anger left.
Ingmar Bergman - If I don't create, I don't exist.
Ingmar Bergman - My pictures are always part of my thinking, and my emotions, tensions, dreams, desires.
Ingmar Bergman - Aging is not uncomplicated. Creativity is an extraordinary help against destructive demons.
Ingrid Bergman - A kiss is a lovely trick designed by nature to stop speech when words become superfluous.
Ingrid Bergman - Happiness is good health and a bad memory.
Ingrid Bergman - Be yourself. The world worships the original.
Ingrid Bergman - It is not whether you really cry. It's whether the audience thinks you are crying.
Ingrid Bergman - If you took acting away from me, I'd stop breathing.
Ingrid Bergman - Time is shortening. But every day that I challenge this cancer and survive is a victory for me.
Ingrid Bergman - I have grown up alone. I've taken care of myself. I worked, earned money and was independent at 18.
Ingrid Bergman - I was the shyest human ever invented, but I had a lion inside me that wouldn't shut up!
Ingrid Bergman - There are advantages to being a star though - you can always get a table in a full restaurant.
Ingrid Bergman - Never again! I can see no reason for marriage - ever at all. I've had it. Three times is enough.
Ingrid Betancourt - I never say no to an ice cream.
Ingrid Betancourt - The relationship with time changes when you're captive.
Ingrid Betancourt - I have to forget in order to find peace in my soul and be able to forgive.
Ingrid Betancourt - I carry the voices of all my family within me, and they were with me there in the jungle.
Ingrid Betancourt - In a kidnapping, you leave behind a lot of your baggage, like arrogance and stubbornness.
Ingrid Betancourt - You need tremendous spirituality to stop yourself falling into the abyss.
Ingrid Betancourt - Reconciliation is a decision that you take in your heart.
Ingrid Betancourt - Reconciliation is a national decision that has to be debated and a consensus made among Colombians.
Ingrid Betancourt - After six years without seeing one, I love just seeing a smile - every smile I see gives me hope.
Ingrid Betancourt - I continue to aspire to serve Colombia as president.
Ingrid Newkirk - A lot of people have culturally induced ethical blindness, but they can be cured!
Ingrid Newkirk - Never doubt that one person can make a difference.
Ingrid Newkirk - Cows are gentle, interesting animals.
Ingrid Newkirk - It's time to face facts: Most people stop being environmentalists when they sit down to eat.
Ingrid Newkirk - The wonderful thing is that it's so incredibly easy to be kind.
Ingrid Newkirk - I have to think of the positive; that's how I cope.
Ingrid Newkirk - One hates to be absolute, but in my view, there is no such thing as humane meat.
Ingrid Newkirk - Cheap meat is the problem. The answer is to replace meat recipes with vegan meals.
Ingrid Newkirk - I hope SeaWorld is exploring how, like Ringling, it can get out of the wild animal business.
Ingrid Newkirk - To me, it is one world, and the non-human animals bear the brunt of oppression and suffering.
Ira Sachs - Intimacy is something to be cherished, and intimacy is not something to be afraid of.
Ira Sachs - There's a lot of things lost in the Digital Age.
Ira Sachs - You can be aware of the passing of time without being nostalgic.
Ira Sachs - Fighting bitterness can be a full-time job.
Ira Sachs - New York grabbed me too hard, as did adulthood.
Ira Sachs - All of my films have been autobiographical - it's all I've got to go on.
Ira Sachs - What's interesting to me is the distinction between my old life and my present life.
Ira Sachs - I've been hiding crucial events in my life since I was 13.
Ira Sachs - For me, every film is actually a form of documentary.
Ira Sachs - As a gay person, my life has been marginalized.
Irene Rosenfeld - There's no question that consumers are looking for value today.
Irene Rosenfeld - Mom was a housewife; Dad was an accountant. They taught me a lot about the value of working hard.
Irene Rosenfeld - Major organizational changes create uncertainty.
Irene Rosenfeld - How you manage change can make all the difference.
Irene Rosenfeld - You can't play it safe if you want to get ahead.
Irene Rosenfeld - Exposure to a diversity of disciplines has been exceptionally helpful to me.
Irene Rosenfeld - I am very excited and delighted to be an important part of the development of corporate America.
Irene Rosenfeld - I've received many good pieces of advice throughout my life.
Irene Rosenfeld - People vote with their hearts, not their heads.
Irene Rosenfeld - Endorphins are a very powerful thing.
Irina Shayk - Nothing is better than going home to family and eating good food and relaxing.
Irina Shayk - My ideal man is faithful, honest, and a gentleman who knows how to treat women.
Irina Shayk - Sometimes I wake up and think I look horrible. And sometimes I see a strong woman.
Irina Shayk - I love honest men, and a I love a man who is loyal to women.
Irina Shayk - I would never do 'Playboy.'
Irina Shayk - Yes, I am a lingerie model, but I have class.
Irina Shayk - All women have insecurities and bad times. What counts is how you overcome them.
Irina Shayk - Money is not important to me. What makes me feel successful is making the people I love happy.
Irina Shayk - I'm a woman who is very confident with the body, with my body.
Irina Shayk - Of course, nothing just falls into your lap - to get where I am now, I've worked hard.
Iris Apfel - Great personal style is an extreme curiosity about yourself.
Iris Apfel - Fashion and interior design are one and the same.
Iris Apfel - I swear on everything holy I do not know what's on the Internet about me.
Iris Apfel - When you don't dress like everybody else, you don't have to think like everybody else.
Iris Apfel - I never buy what someone says is 'in' or a 'must-have.' I buy what makes me happy.
Iris Apfel - I was always known in my industry, and I always enjoyed a modicum of popularity.
Iris Apfel - It's better to be happy than to be well-dressed.
Iris Apfel - I like to improvise.
Iris Apfel - I get very involved with my things, and they are not standard equipment.
Iris Apfel - I just roll with the punches.
Iris Murdoch - In philosophy if you aren't moving at a snail's pace you aren't moving at all.
Iris Murdoch - Between saying and doing, many a pair of shoes is worn out.
Iris Murdoch - We live in a fantasy world, a world of illusion. The great task in life is to find reality.
Iris Murdoch - Love is the difficult realization that something other than oneself is real.
Iris Murdoch - Anything that consoles is fake.
Iris Murdoch - We can only learn to love by loving.
Iris Murdoch - Falling out of love is very enlightening. For a short while you see the world with new eyes.
Iris Murdoch - The cry of equality pulls everyone down.
Iris Murdoch - Being good is just a matter of temperament in the end.
Iris Murdoch - Art is the final cunning of the human soul which would rather do anything than face the gods.
Irrfan Khan - Parsi theater was known for melodrama.
Irrfan Khan - The sign of a good society is where talent is respected.
Irrfan Khan - I want to entertain people, but with some substance.
Irrfan Khan - Language does not make one an elite.
Irrfan Khan - In India, therapy is not part of the culture; it has not become such a big need.
Irrfan Khan - It surely gives you a high to be an international actor with quality work.
Irrfan Khan - We don't have a culture of realistic acting in India.
Irrfan Khan - A film engages you emotionally and intellectually.
Irrfan Khan - I'm trying to strike a balance between Bollywood and Hollywood.
Irrfan Khan - I will only do a Hollywood film when there is something special offered to me.
Irvine Welsh - I enjoy the freedom of the blank page.
Irvine Welsh - I feel like I've exhausted guys and male friendships.
Irvine Welsh - The first job of a writer is to be honest.
Irvine Welsh - There is a kind of mysticism to writing.
Irvine Welsh - What worries me is the professionalism of everything.
Irvine Welsh - Writing is about culture and should be about everything. That's what makes it what it is.
Irvine Welsh - I think that every project offers an opportunity to reinvent process as well as content.
Irvine Welsh - It's been a good thing for me to try and understand America.
Irvine Welsh - Everyone needs some kind of compelling drama in their life, basically.
Irvine Welsh - A lot of my characters are anti-heroes that became heroes.
Irving Berlin - Life is 10 percent what you make it, and 90 percent how you take it.
Irving Berlin - The toughest thing about success is that you've got to keep on being a success.
Irving Berlin - There's no business like show business.
Irving Berlin - Never hate a song that's sold a half million copies.
Irving Berlin - Talent is only the starting point.
Irving Berlin - Everybody ought to have a lower East Side in their life.
Irving Berlin - There is an element of truth in every idea that lasts long enough to be called corny.
Irving Berlin - I got lost but look what I found.
Irving Berlin - After you get what you want you don't want it.
Irving Berlin - You're not sick you're just in love.
Irwin Shaw - A writer has to live with a sense of honor.
Irwin Shaw - My attitudes have changed, but somebody would have to read all my books to find out how they have.
Irwin Shaw - A good editor understands what you're talking and writing about and doesn't meddle too much.
Irwin Shaw - Writing for the theater, you find yourself living a nocturnal life.
Irwin Shaw - I'm not as hopeful as I was when I was young.
Irwin Shaw - At the height of the McCarthy period, writers were being hounded.
Irwin Shaw - Kennedy was a man who liked writers and even I got invited to the White House.
Irwin Shaw - People who light up like Roman candles come down in the dark very quickly.
Irwin Shaw - Curiously, the United States is full of writers who have one big work in their life and that's all.
Irwin Shaw - I've gone on the wagon, but my body doesn't believe it.
Irwin Winkler - I found 'Celebrity Gangster' intense, dramatic, a real page turner.
Irwin Winkler - We all know we have a prescribed amount of time on Earth. We just don't know how much.
Irwin Winkler - The thing that's strange about Frank Vincent is that actors of his quality are usually big stars.
Irwin Winkler - I just think there's a general interest in the world of computers.
Irwin Winkler - I have an Oscar on my mantel.
Irwin Winkler - If you look at successful studios, they're the ones with stabilized management.
Irwin Winkler - Believe me, it would be a long, long, cold day before I decide to warm up next to Rupert Murdoch.
Irwin Winkler - It wasn't easy getting 'GoodFellas' started.
Irwin Winkler - Boxing is one of the few sports that is one on one.
Irwin Winkler - Every film I do, I'm involved with from the very conception of the project.
Isaac Bashevis Singer - I did not become a vegetarian for my health, I did it for the health of the chickens.
Isaac Bashevis Singer - The analysis of character is the highest human entertainment.
Isaac Bashevis Singer - Kindness, I've discovered, is everything in life.
Isaac Bashevis Singer - Sometimes love is stronger than a man's convictions.
Isaac Bashevis Singer - We have to believe in free-will. We've got no choice.
Isaac Bashevis Singer - For those who are willing to make an effort, great miracles and wonderful treasures are in store.
Isaac Bashevis Singer - Our knowledge is a little island in a great ocean of nonknowledge.
Isaac Bashevis Singer - We must believe in free will, we have no choice.
Isaac Bashevis Singer - If you keep saying things are going to be bad, you have a good chance of being a prophet.
Isaac Bashevis Singer - Every creator painfully experiences the chasm between his inner vision and its ultimate expression.
Isaac D'Israeli - The wisdom of the wise, and the experience of ages, may be preserved by quotation.
Isaac D'Israeli - The Self-Educated are marked by stubborn peculiarities.
Isaac D'Israeli - It is a wretched taste to be gratified with mediocrity when the excellent lies before us.
Isaac D'Israeli - The wise make proverbs, and fools repeat them.
Isaac D'Israeli - The act of contemplation then creates the thing created.
Isaac D'Israeli - The defects of great men are the consolation of the dunces.
Isaac D'Israeli - Enthusiasm is that secret and harmonious spirit which hovers over the production of genius.
Isaac D'Israeli - Quotations, like much better things, has its abuses.
Isaac D'Israeli - Fortune has rarely condescended to be the companion of genius.
Isaac D'Israeli - Those who do not read criticism will rarely merit to be criticised.
Isaac Hanson - But anyone who knows anything about the music industry knows it's not only about the music.
Isaac Hanson - People my age don't always know where their music comes from.
Isaac Hanson - Actually, I don't think there's anyone that represents the artists, except the artists themselves.
Isaac Hanson - Christmas albums are not something you do frequently.
Isaac Hanson - There are very few people who have done more than one Christmas album.
Isaac Hanson - I think downloading is both saving and killing the music industry at the same time.
Isaac Hanson - One of the things I want to do as an artist is to connect generations.
Isaac Hanson - I enjoyed making this album a lot because of the knowledge we acquired over the last 3 years.
Isaac Hanson - I'm doing what I do for the right reasons. I love the music that I make.
Isaac Hanson - We've sold over 100,000 records so far, and we're an independent label.
Isaac Hayes - If you enjoy the fragrance of a rose, you must accept the thorns which it bears.
Isaac Hayes - Religious beliefs are sacred to people, and at all times should be respected and honoured.
Isaac Hayes - I think the kids today need to hear more about morals and values.
Isaac Hayes - Self-expression is always a right, but it's still not there to be abused.
Isaac Hayes - Know the business, learn the business, own something.
Isaac Hayes - Guys in slavery sang praises to the Lord to deliver them from bondage.
Isaac Hayes - I used to stand in front of the mic and cry.
Isaac Hayes - I influence people, hopefully on the positive side.
Isaac Hayes - I love music.
Isaac Hayes - Elvis was a giant and influenced everyone in the business.
Isaac Herzog - Auschwitz will forever remain the black hole of the entire human history.
Isaac Herzog - Jews cannot be apathetic when hundreds of thousands of refugees are searching for safe haven.
Isaac Herzog - I am sure of my ability to form a good government.
Isaac Herzog - After a long period of division, I will unite Israel.
Isaac Herzog - I agree that a nuclear Iran is extremely dangerous, and I believe that it must be prevented.
Isaac Herzog - Iran is a rogue state, a dangerous state. Iran spreads hatred all over the world.
Isaac Herzog - Whoever wants Yesh Atid in the government has to vote for us - there's no other choice.
Isaac Herzog - We have to build an iron wall to protect Israel.
Isaac Herzog - No Israeli leader will accept a nuclear Iran.
Isaac Herzog - Housing is the number one problem facing the citizens of Israel.
Isaac Mizrahi - Everyone asks, Will he make it, will she make it? You never make it.
Isaac Mizrahi - I'm so involved in melancholy.
Isaac Mizrahi - This is what I like about being a designer: You can't really get it until you see it.
Isaac Mizrahi - Sometimes I'm really dressed up, and it really turns me on.
Isaac Mizrahi - You know who a role model for me is? George Ballanchine.
Isaac Mizrahi - When someone says you can't do what you know you can do, then you can't do anything.
Isaac Mizrahi - I don't want to offend people.
Isaac Mizrahi - I have a lot of obligations.
Isaac Mizrahi - Either it works or it doesn't.
Isaac Mizrahi - How do I do it? I don't know how I wouldn't do it - that's the thing.
Isabel Lucas - There's no point in dwelling on rejection.
Isabel Lucas - I find it tricky to make plans.
Isabel Lucas - I've always been quiet, more of an observer.
Isabel Lucas - I like to keep mobile. It keeps my mind awake.
Isabel Lucas - I was a barefoot earth child for a couple of years.
Isabel Lucas - My first audition was the worst I have ever done, ever.
Isabel Lucas - My dad is a pilot so I think I was born with the travel bug.
Isabel Lucas - I don't think it's unusual to spend time with your castmate.
Isabel Lucas - Mom worked with autistic children.
Isabel Lucas - I'm really drawn to European films.
Isabeli Fontana - I don't think of myself as pretty. I am what I am.
Isabeli Fontana - It's always nice to be home and be able to see my family. It's the best feeling.
Isabeli Fontana - I grew up as a tomboy. I hated posing and things like that.
Isabeli Fontana - I like to wear whatever I like. I don't care about others' judgment or if it's right or wrong.
Isabeli Fontana - Brazilians love to seduce, to have fun, to dance, to charm. We like a little bit of attention.
Isabeli Fontana - I try to eat right. Every three hours, small portions. It helps to keep you fit.
Isabeli Fontana - I have to work out to look the best possible before the show.
Isabeli Fontana - The fashion industry, like others, is constantly changing.
Isabeli Fontana - Since I travel too much around the world, I take all these vitamins for my immune system.
Isabeli Fontana - If you take the right vitamins and drink enough water, your body flushes everything out for you.
Isabella Rossellini - If we are completely honest with ourselves, everyone has a dark side to their personalities.
Isabella Rossellini - True elegance for me is the manifestation of an independent mind.
Isabella Rossellini - My perfume, Manifesto, was based on the scent of basil.
Isabella Rossellini - But my mother loved The Elephant Man, and my father gave David Lynch a scholarship to study in Rome.
Isabella Rossellini - To be an icon is a big job - it's beyond acting. And sometimes it pays, and sometimes it doesn't.
Isabella Rossellini - The reason of my life is not to be the most beautiful woman in the world.
Isabella Rossellini - I am now at an age when they wanted me to play her mother.
Isabella Rossellini - I am much more radical in my beliefs than my products represent me to be.
Isabella Rossellini - A lot of the advertisement is done by saying: first of all, have a complex about who you are.
Isabella Rossellini - There is this idea that you have to play heroines or women who succeed.
Isabelle Adjani - I have no fear of being less beautiful, I've always been afraid of not being beautiful.
Isabelle Adjani - Nothingness not being nothing, nothingness being emptiness.
Isabelle Adjani - I'm in an agreeable state: busy, enthusiastic, curious.
Isabelle Adjani - I've learned that to expose yourself, to reveal yourself is a test of your humanness.
Isabelle Adjani - One is never ready for success. It consecrates and looses you at the same time.
Isabelle Adjani - You protect your being when you love yourself better. That's the secret.
Isabelle Adjani - Life has brought me work to do on myself these past two years.
Isabelle Adjani - I believe in angels, so it's simple.
Isabelle Adjani - But no one frees himself from being in love in three days.
Isabelle Adjani - I believe that when you work on yourself, you are attracted by different, more positive beings.
Isaiah Mustafa - If you have the athletic ability, why waste it in one sport?
Isaiah Mustafa - When a girl finally texts me back, that ding on the phone is like an angel singing.
Isaiah Mustafa - I'm a ninja! I like swords and knives and stuff like that.
Isaiah Mustafa - I've been acting since 2002, around about there.
Isaiah Mustafa - Listen, I'm a big fan of everything on NBC. When I think of comedy on TV, I really think of NBC.
Isaiah Mustafa - You know, I stopped being competitive after I played football.
Isaiah Mustafa - I played football, honestly, to get a scholarship.
Isaiah Mustafa - I love acting. I love performing.
Isaiah Mustafa - I like hanging out with people.
Isaiah Mustafa - When it comes to me, I know what I can do and can't do.
Isaiah Thomas - My greatest gift that I have in life is basketball.
Isaiah Thomas - I've always believed no matter how many shots I miss, I'm going to make the next one.
Isaiah Thomas - You have to develop your whole game to completion.
Isaiah Thomas - We decided to go the way of trading and getting younger players.
Isaiah Thomas - Most players in this league say they want consistency.
Isaiah Thomas - Larry Brown thought Steve Francis was a Larry Brown type of player.
Isaiah Thomas - It was important to me to believe, because if I don't believe, how can I expect them to believe?
Isaiah Thomas - I love what I'm doing.
Isaiah Thomas - I believe in the players and what I've put together and we'll make it work.
Isaiah Thomas - Everybody wants to be perfect.
Isla Fisher - I think there is nothing sexier than a handlebar moustache.
Isla Fisher - You can't underestimate how traumatic divorce is for the children.
Isla Fisher - Women one hundred percent support each other in the movie industry.
Isla Fisher - When you're younger, being a redhead is... Well, my two brothers teased me no end.
Isla Fisher - Family is 100 per cent my top priority.
Isla Fisher - An easy way to get people to like you is to make them laugh.
Isla Fisher - I love marriage. I think it's a wonderful institution and it's the most important decision you make.
Isla Fisher - I think there is nothing sexier than laughter lines.
Isla Fisher - Being a mother is by far my greatest accomplishment.
Isla Fisher - I love Monty Python, Black Adder, Fawlty Towers. I'm a huge fan of British comedy.
Israel Horovitz - You write a play mostly out of yourself. There's a need to get a certain thing down.
Israel Horovitz - I grew up in Wakefield, Mass., and there were only a couple of Jewish families in the town.
Israel Horovitz - I've always been a fighter - it's always been a part of my personality.
Israel Horovitz - I've done nothing with my life but write plays.
Israel Horovitz - If work isn't rooted in comedy, people will turn from it, or they'll use it like soap opera.
Israel Horovitz - I have a visceral response to a memory of working-class life.
Israel Horovitz - I am an internationally produced playwright.
Israel Horovitz - I write because I don't know how to ask my questions any other way.
Israel Horovitz - Radical politics tend to be simple minded.
Israel Horovitz - Maybe all theatre is going to be irrelevant for all time.
Issey Miyake - The purpose - where I start - is the idea of use. It is not recycling, it's reuse.
Issey Miyake - By the way, Marilyn Monroe was a size 14.
Issey Miyake - Design is not for philosophy it's for life.
Issey Miyake - I've never been involved in any kind of political movement.
Issey Miyake - I was always interested in making clothing that is worn by people in the real world.
Issey Miyake - Paris is an old and traditional place; it needs new blood.
Issey Miyake - My design is no design.
Issey Miyake - I'd rather look to the future than to the past.
Issey Miyake - There are no boundaries for what can be fabric.
Issey Miyake - I do not create a fashionable aesthetic... I create a style based on life.
Italo Calvino - I suffer from everyday life.
Italo Calvino - I'm a Communist, fully convinced and dedicated to my cause.
Italo Calvino - A classic is a book that has never finished saying what it has to say.
Italo Calvino - It is not the voice that commands the story; it is the ear.
Italo Calvino - The human race is a zone of living things that should be defined by tracing its confines.
Italo Calvino - In love, as in gluttony, pleasure is a matter of the utmost precision.
Italo Calvino - The more enlightened our houses are, the more their walls ooze ghosts.
Italo Calvino - I detest this contemporary trend to destroy the traditional hierarchy of genres.
Italo Calvino - Reading is a possession, a march toward a possession.
Italo Calvino - I'm afraid I don't think I really have a life on which something can be written.
Itzhak Perlman - That makes classical music work, the ability to improvise.
Itzhak Perlman - I can tell you that many soloists probably wish they could sit.
Itzhak Perlman - So many things can drive you mad as a child, not only music.
Itzhak Perlman - Any gifted child can potentially get in real trouble because of the way they are handled.
Itzhak Perlman - I listen to kids play a lot.
Itzhak Perlman - There are people who are uncanny, who are finished products at a young age. I wasn't, thank God.
Itzhak Perlman - Child prodigy is a curse because you've got all those terrible possibilities.
Itzhak Perlman - The most important thing to do is really listen.
Itzhak Perlman - I have just one fiddle. It works, and that's it. It has been an old friend.
Itzhak Perlman - Only one of my grandchildren is serious about a musical instrument. The others dabble in it.
Ivan Glasenberg - You're doing a major merger, you got to hope you didn't get it wrong. That's the view of any CEO.
Ivan Glasenberg - It's easy to buy. Prove that you bought at the right time and the right price.
Ivan Glasenberg - We always look at opportunities. We are not aggressively looking to buy something.
Ivan Glasenberg - I stopped focusing on people being different, and I started treating everyone the same way.
Ivan Glasenberg - The trading side of the business means a lot of travel, being out of the office a lot of time.
Ivan Glasenberg - I've said I will be CEO as long as my colleagues want me.
Ivan Glasenberg - We're all shareholders. These guys below me, they see the CEO taking it easy, it's their money.
Ivan Glasenberg - A lot of deals are done or not done because chief executives are not fully aligned to shareholders.
Ivan Glasenberg - Why should I build an asset when I can buy it more cheaply than you can build it?
Ivan Glasenberg - I've never opened a glass of champagne on any acquisition. Bankers do that.
Ivan Lendl - If I don't practice the way I should, then I won't play the way that I know I can.
Ivan Lendl - It's flattering to be compared in any way to Tiger Woods, because he's the best player in the world.
Ivan Lendl - If you lose, it hurts, but as long as you have fought hard, you can still feel good about yourself.
Ivan Lendl - I enjoy life. I always enjoy jokes.
Ivan Lendl - You have to focus on the process. You cannot be glued to the results.
Ivan Lendl - I got bad calls every match, and I never got an apology. So I thought it was rather strange.
Ivan Lendl - I was between 2 and 3 in the world for two, three years. That's not exactly where I wanted to be.
Ivan Lendl - Not winning at Wimbledon is not going to bother me forever.
Ivan Lendl - You know how kids are. They like to do what parents do.
Ivan Lendl - Too many people asking too many questions in tennis. Golf is better.
Ivan Reitman - Also watching a movie on DVD is different than watching it in the theater.
Ivan Reitman - I don't think my sense of humor has changed at all; I was born with this, for better or for worse.
Ivan Reitman - I love horror and sci-fi.
Ivan Reitman - I never like to do parodies. I never do. It's just not my style of comedy.
Ivan Reitman - I think Junior is certainly a science fiction premise as is Twins, as is Dave, beyond Ghostbusters.
Ivan Reitman - I'd always been a science fiction enthusiast.
Ivan Reitman - In a comedy it helps enhance things that were already there.
Ivan Reitman - It's sort of the most important thing for acting, is to listen to the person you're dealing with.
Ivan Reitman - My sense is, I think it's okay for directors to do movies that speak to other work in their career.
Ivan Reitman - We got some devastating reviews on Animal House at the start.
Ivan Turgenev - We sit in the mud... and reach for the stars.
Ivan Turgenev - Most people can't understand how others can blow their noses differently than they do.
Ivan Turgenev - Death's an old joke, but each individual encounters it anew.
Ivan Turgenev - Women... can't live with 'em... can't shoot 'em.
Ivan Turgenev - The word tomorrow was invented for indecisive people and for children.
Ivan Turgenev - Who among us has the strength to oppose petty egoism, those petty good feelings, pity and remorse?
Ivan Turgenev - Circumstances define us; they force us onto one road or another, and then they punish us for it.
Ivan Turgenev - However much you knock at nature's door, she will never answer you in comprehensible words.
Ivan Turgenev - I agree with no one's opinion. I have some of my own.
Ivan Turgenev - There are some moments in life, some feelings; one can only point to them and pass by.
Ivana Trump - Looking good is the best revenge.
Ivana Trump - Don't get mad. Get everything!
Ivana Trump - Life is life, so try to enjoy it. You only have one life.
Ivana Trump - I always felt very secure and very safe with real estate. Real estate always appreciates.
Ivana Trump - Fiction writing is great. You can make up almost anything.
Ivana Trump - Gorgeous hair is the best revenge.
Ivana Trump - I feel young at heart, and I feel, like, you know, 40.
Ivana Trump - There's nothing my housekeeper does that I can't do - and maybe better!
Ivana Trump - I want great food and wine, and friends to enjoy it all.
Ivana Trump - I can ski backwards on one ski. And foldblinded!
Ivica Dacic - I have no private life, as I am constantly under police surveillance.
Ivica Dacic - The time of Milosevic has long passed.
Ivica Dacic - How can a country that is impoverished, humiliated and beaten defend its national interests?
Ivica Dacic - No one can undermine national unity.
Ivica Dacic - Serbia stands firmly on the EU path.
Ivica Dacic - Serbia is blamed in advance for everything.
Ivica Dacic - Serbia is open for business.
Ivica Dacic - No one has the right to detract the attention of the nation from the defence of the country.
Ivica Dacic - If Nord Stream was built in Europe, I see no reason why South Stream cannot be built as well.
Ivica Dacic - For 10 years, Kosovo was taboo. No one could officially tell the truth.
Ivor Novello - Love-making is an art which must be studied.
Ivor Novello - Every blessed one of you feels better for that burst of laughter.
Ivor Novello - Things which do not require effort of some sort are seldom worth having.
Ivor Novello - You cannot isolate yourself from the crowd - even if you want to.
Ivor Novello - There's something Vichy about the French.
Ivor Novello - After the war, in which I served as a pilot in the Air Force, I took up films.
Ivor Novello - British girls are as temperamental as Americans.
Ivor Novello - I began my career with infantile dreams of becoming a composer.
Ivor Novello - The crowd may be influenced easily, largely because it is a crowd.
Ivor Novello - There are very few misanthropes, thank goodness!
Izaak Walton - Good company in a journey makes the way seem shorter.
Izaak Walton - Good company and good discourse are the very sinews of virtue.
Izaak Walton - Angling may be said to be so like the mathematics that it can never be fully learned.
Izaak Walton - God has two dwellings; one in heaven, and the other in a meek and thankful heart.
Izaak Walton - The person that loses their conscience has nothing left worth keeping.
Izaak Walton - Words are men's daughters, but God's sons are things.
Izaak Walton - God never did make a more calm, quiet, innocent recreation than angling.
Izaak Walton - As no man is born an artist, so no man is born an angler.
Izaak Walton - I have laid aside business, and gone a'fishing.
Izaak Walton - In so doing, use him as though you loved him.
Izabella Scorupco - The most simple things can bring the most happiness.
Izabella Scorupco - Sexual underwear is tacky.
Izabella Scorupco - I was very athletic when I was younger and I am a very competitive person, so I never give up.
Izabella Scorupco - I've never actually seen a Star Trek, but I have seen an Alien movie.
Izabella Scorupco - I've never been the sexy or the cute girl.
Izabella Scorupco - He taught me how to fly on my own and learn the tricks.
Izabella Scorupco - You're not really supposed to like ABBA in Sweden. It's nerdy.
Izabella Scorupco - I've always been comfortable with my sexual desires and what I like.
Izabella Scorupco - I'm so lucky to be in a situation that I can always have my daughter with me.
Izabella Scorupco - I never work out. I think it is boring, so I run.
J. B. Priestley - To different minds, the same world is a hell, and a heaven.
J. B. Priestley - The more we elaborate our means of communication, the less we communicate.
J. B. Priestley - Be yourself is about the worst advice you can give to some people.
J. B. Priestley - She was a handsome woman of forty-five and would remain so for many years.
J. B. Priestley - Perhaps it would be better not to be a writer, but if you must, then write.
J. B. Priestley - Comedy, we may say, is society protecting itself - with a smile.
J. B. Priestley - Accidents, try to change them - it's impossible. The accidental reveals man.
J. B. Priestley - Marriage is like paying an endless visit in your worst clothes.
J. B. Priestley - There are plenty of clever young writers. But there is too much genius, not enough talent.
J. B. Priestley - We pay when old for the excesses of youth.
J. D. Salinger - Its really hard to be roommates with people if your suitcases are much better than theirs.
J. D. Salinger - Mothers are all slightly insane.
J. D. Salinger - I'm quite illiterate, but I read a lot.
J. D. Salinger - I am a kind of paranoid in reverse. I suspect people of plotting to make me happy.
J. D. Salinger - How do you know you're going to do something, untill you do it?
J. D. Salinger - How long should a man's legs be? Long enough to touch the ground.
J. D. Salinger - I'm the most terrific liar you ever saw in your life.
J. D. Salinger - All morons hate it when you call them a moron.
J. D. Salinger - People never notice anything.
J. D. Salinger - People never believe you.
J. Paul Getty - The meek shall inherit the Earth, but not its mineral rights.
J. Paul Getty - My wealth is not a subject I relish discussing.
J. Paul Getty - Formula for success: rise early, work hard, strike oil.
J. Paul Getty - The employer generally gets the employees he deserves.
J. Paul Getty - You cannot further the Brotherhood of Man by encouraging class hatred.
J. Paul Getty - If you can actually count your money, then you're not a rich man.
J. Paul Getty - Money is like manure. You have to spread it around or it smells.
J. Paul Getty - Oil is like a wild animal. Whoever captures it has it.
J. Paul Getty - There are one hundred men seeking security to one able man who is willing to risk his fortune.
J. Paul Getty - I buy when other people are selling.
J. R. R. Tolkien - Still round the corner there may wait, A new road or a secret gate.
J. R. R. Tolkien - Not all those who wander are lost.
J. R. R. Tolkien - If more of us valued food and cheer and song above hoarded gold, it would be a merrier world.
J. R. R. Tolkien - Courage is found in unlikely places.
J. R. R. Tolkien - The wide world is all about you: you can fence yourselves in, but you cannot forever fence it out.
J. R. R. Tolkien - Faithless is he that says farewell when the road darkens.
J. R. R. Tolkien - All we have to decide is what to do with the time that is given us.
J. R. R. Tolkien - A box without hinges, key, or lid, yet golden treasure inside is hid.
J. R. R. Tolkien - So comes snow after fire, and even dragons have their ending!
J. R. R. Tolkien - It does not do to leave a live dragon out of your calculations, if you live near him.
J. Robert Oppenheimer - I am become death, the destroyer of worlds.
J. Robert Oppenheimer - My childhood did not prepare me for the fact that the world is full of cruel and bitter things.
J. Robert Oppenheimer - Access to the Vedas is the greatest privilege this century may claim over all previous centuries.
J. Robert Oppenheimer - The optimist thinks this is the best of all possible worlds. The pessimist fears it is true.
J. Robert Oppenheimer - Both the man of science and the man of action live always at the edge of mystery, surrounded by it.
J. Robert Oppenheimer - Any man whose errors take ten years to correct is quite a man.
J. Robert Oppenheimer - No man should escape our universities without knowing how little he knows.
J. Robert Oppenheimer - My mother was born in Baltimore, and before her marriage, she was an artist and teacher of art.
J. Robert Oppenheimer - Science is not everything, but science is very beautiful.
J. Robert Oppenheimer - I was born in New York in 1904.
Ja Rule - I got started in 1995, working in a group called The Cash Money Click.
Ja Rule - These companies are in it for their dollars, and whatever is hot that is what they follow.
Ja Rule - Pain is love.
Ja Rule - There is only one me.
Ja Rule - I've signed a few sneakers in my day.
Ja Rule - Be very nervous of the shaky hands.
Ja Rule - I'm married, I have three children, I never hit my wife.
Ja Rule - I love to see my family together. That's what life is about. It's about family.
Ja Rule - The public makes it so that we have to keep assaulting each other.
Ja Rule - I got a cold feeling toward religion in general. I don't think God would want to separate families.
Jack Kerouac - I had nothing to offer anybody except my own confusion.
Jack Kerouac - Maybe that's what life is... a wink of the eye and winking stars.
Jack Kerouac - Whither goest thou, America, in thy shiny car in the night?
Jack Kerouac - Great things are not accomplished by those who yield to trends and fads and popular opinion.
Jack Kerouac - My witness is the empty sky.
Jack Kerouac - Avoid the world, it's just a lot of dust and drag and means nothing in the end.
Jack Kerouac - My manners, abominable at times, can be sweet.
Jack Kerouac - My fault, my failure, is not in the passions I have, but in my lack of control of them.
Jack Kerouac - All human beings are also dream beings. Dreaming ties all mankind together.
Jack Kerouac - My father and my mother and my sister and I have always voted Republican, always.
Jack Kevorkian - My ultimate aim is to make euthanasia a positive experience.
Jack Kevorkian - I'd find it demeaning to be cleaning toilets.
Jack Kevorkian - I have no regrets, none whatsoever.
Jack Kevorkian - Five to six thousand people die every year waiting for organs, but nobody cares.
Jack Kevorkian - The patient decides when it's best to go.
Jack Kevorkian - Among doctors in general, I think more than half support what I'm doing.
Jack Kevorkian - What looks like enjoyment is the sneer of contempt. That's not a smile.
Jack Kevorkian - You can cite me for contempt, Your Honor. I don't care.
Jack Kevorkian - Not one has shown an iota of fear of death. They want to end this agony.
Jack Kevorkian - None of them want to delay. Understand that. None of them.
Jack London - You can't wait for inspiration. You have to go after it with a club.
Jack London - Do you know the only value life has is what life puts on itself?
Jack London - Life is not a matter of holding good cards, but sometimes, playing a poor hand well.
Jack London - Life is so short. I would rather sing one song than interpret the thousand.
Jack London - Affluence means influence.
Jack London - San Francisco is gone. Nothing remains of it but memories.
Jack London - The scab is a traitor to his God, his mother, and his class.
Jack London - If cash comes with fame, come fame; if cash comes without fame, come cash.
Jack London - Darn the wheel of the world! Why must it continually turn over? Where is the reverse gear?
Jack London - One cannot violate the promptings of one's nature without having that nature recoil upon itself.
Jack Ma - Never give up. Today is hard, tomorrow will be worse, but the day after tomorrow will be sunshine.
Jack Ma - When I am myself, I am happy and have a good result.
Jack Ma - You should learn from your competitor, but never copy. Copy and you die.
Jack Ma - The world needs new leadership, but the new leadership is about working together.
Jack Ma - I don't want to be liked. I want to be respected.
Jack Ma - The very important thing you should have is patience.
Jack Ma - A peace talk is always difficult, always complicated.
Jack Ma - If Alibaba cannot become a Microsoft or Wal-Mart, I will regret it for the rest of my life.
Jack Ma - I don't want people in China to have deep pockets but shallow minds.
Jack Ma - I want people to learn what democracy means.
Jack Nicholson - There's only two people in your life you should lie to... the police and your girlfriend.
Jack Nicholson - My motto is: more good times.
Jack Nicholson - Beer, it's the best damn drink in the world.
Jack Nicholson - With my sunglasses on, I'm Jack Nicholson. Without them, I'm fat and 60.
Jack Nicholson - The minute that you're not learning I believe you're dead.
Jack Nicholson - I don't want people to know what I'm actually like. It's not good for an actor.
Jack Nicholson - Acting is everybody's favorite second job.
Jack Nicholson - Age is the first limitation on roles that I've ever had to encounter, and I hit that awhile ago.
Jack Nicholson - Early on, if I was alone two three nights in a row, I'd start writing poems about suicide.
Jack Nicholson - Frankly, I got into the movies because I like the movies a lot.
Jack Nicklaus - Well, the biggest rival I had in my career was me.
Jack Nicklaus - Resolve never to quit, never to give up, no matter what the situation.
Jack Nicklaus - Don't be too proud to take lessons. I'm not.
Jack Nicklaus - He has the finest, fundamentally sound golf swing I've ever seen.
Jack Nicklaus - It's hard not to play golf that's up to Jack Nicklaus standards when you are Jack Nicklaus.
Jack Nicklaus - Focus on remedies, not faults.
Jack Nicklaus - My ability to concentrate and work toward that goal has been my greatest asset.
Jack Nicklaus - Concentration is a fine antidote to anxiety.
Jack Nicklaus - The game is meant to be fun.
Jack Nicklaus - Golf is a better game played downhill.
Jack Welch - Control your own destiny or someone else will.
Jack Welch - Number one, cash is king... number two, communicate... number three, buy or bury the competition.
Jack Welch - Be candid with everyone.
Jack Welch - The biggest cowards are managers who don't let people know where they stand.
Jack Welch - The team with the best players wins.
Jack Welch - If you don't have a competitive advantage, don't compete.
Jack Welch - Change before you have to.
Jack Welch - Management is all about managing in the short term, while developing the plans for the long term.
Jack Welch - You measure your people and you take action on those that don't measure up.
Jack Welch - Face reality as it is, not as it was or as you wish it to be.
Jackie Chan - Coffee is a language in itself.
Jackie Chan - Anyone can be a Superman, but nobody can be Jackie Chan.
Jackie Chan - Now I am older, I understand we have to accept who we are.
Jackie Chan - Sometimes I do need to go to karaoke, sometimes I need to relax.
Jackie Chan - I never wanted to be the next Bruce Lee. I just wanted to be the first Jackie Chan.
Jackie Chan - Before I do a stunt, I have to make sure it is safe.
Jackie Chan - I'm tired of fighting. I've always known that I can't be an action star all my life.
Jackie Chan - Sometimes I'd like to play the bad guy and sometimes I'd like to die in a movie.
Jackie Chan - Of course I get hurt.
Jackie Chan - In the real world, children love me.
Jackie Kennedy - The first time you marry for love, the second for money, and the third for companionship.
Jackie Kennedy - I want to live my life, not record it.
Jackie Kennedy - The only routine with me is no routine at all.
Jackie Kennedy - If you bungle raising your children, I don't think whatever else you do matters very much.
Jackie Kennedy - There are many little ways to enlarge your child's world. Love of books is the best of all.
Jackie Kennedy - I'll be a wife and mother first, then First Lady.
Jackie Kennedy - I don't think there are any men who are faithful to their wives.
Jackie Kennedy - I want minimum information given with maximum politeness.
Jackie Kennedy - A camel makes an elephant feel like a jet plane.
Jackie Kennedy - You have to have been a Republican to know how good it is to be a Democrat.
Jackie Robinson - Above anything else, I hate to lose.
Jackie Robinson - A life is not important except in the impact it has on other lives.
Jackie Robinson - The right of every American to first-class citizenship is the most important issue of our time.
Jackie Robinson - Pop flies, in a sense, are just a diversion for a second baseman. Grounders are his stock trade.
Jackie Robinson - This ain't fun. But you watch me, I'll get it done.
Jackie Robinson - How you played in yesterday's game is all that counts.
Jackie Robinson - There's not an American in this country free until every one of us is free.
Jackie Robinson - The most luxurious possession, the richest treasure anybody has, is his personal dignity.
Jackie Robinson - In all my years of baseball, I have always expected to be traded. I never liked the idea.
Jackie Robinson - If I had been white with the things I did, they never would have allowed me to get out of baseball.
Jackson Pollock - Painting is self-discovery. Every good artist paints what he is.
Jackson Pollock - The strangeness will wear off and I think we will discover the deeper meanings in modern art.
Jackson Pollock - Every good painter paints what he is.
Jackson Pollock - I continue to get further away from the usual painter's tools such as easel, palette, brushes, etc.
Jackson Pollock - My painting does not come from the easel.
Jackson Pollock - I hardly ever stretch the canvas before painting.
Jackson Pollock - When I am in my painting, I'm not aware of what I'm doing.
Jackson Pollock - The painting has a life of its own. I try to let it come through.
Jackson Pollock - Bums are the well-to-do of this day. They didn't have as far to fall.
Jackson Pollock - He drove his kind of realism at me so hard I bounced right into nonobjective painting.
Jacques Yves Cousteau - The sea, once it casts its spell, holds one in its net of wonder forever.
Jacques Yves Cousteau - People protect what they love.
Jacques Yves Cousteau - Water and air, the two essential fluids on which all life depends, have become global garbage cans.
Jacques Yves Cousteau - Farming as we do it is hunting, and in the sea we act like barbarians.
Jacques Yves Cousteau - No sooner does man discover intelligence than he tries to involve it in his own stupidity.
Jacques Yves Cousteau - We forget that the water cycle and the life cycle are one.
Jacques Yves Cousteau - The sea is the universal sewer.
Jacques Yves Cousteau - I am not a scientist. I am, rather, an impresario of scientists.
Jacques Yves Cousteau - The awareness of our environment came progressively in all countries with different outlets.
Jacques Yves Cousteau - A lot of people attack the sea, I make love to it.
Jada Pinkett Smith - My belief is that communication is the best way to create strong relationships.
Jada Pinkett Smith - If I had my way, I'd wear jewelry, a great pair of heels and nothing else.
Jada Pinkett Smith - When I believe in something, I'm very passionate. I don't take 'no' for an answer.
Jada Pinkett Smith - Women, you can have it all - a loving man, devoted husband, loving children, a fabulous career.
Jada Pinkett Smith - I think women who lead full lives are better mothers.
Jada Pinkett Smith - I have a thing for doors. I always think of them as a threshold to something new.
Jada Pinkett Smith - For people to be able to sit down together and have a conversation, that's the power of love.
Jada Pinkett Smith - What you're willing to sacrifice is the measurement of how you love - at least it is for me.
Jada Pinkett Smith - When I'm tired, I rest. I say, 'I can't be a superwoman today.'
Jada Pinkett Smith - I do a lot of reading, meditating, and praying to stay as grounded as I can be in this crazy world.
James Allen - Circumstances do not make the man, they reveal him.
James Allen - No duty is more urgent than that of returning thanks.
James Allen - For true success ask yourself these four questions: Why? Why not? Why not me? Why not now?
James Allen - Happiness is mental harmony; unhappiness is mental inharmony.
James Allen - You will become as small as your controlling desire; as great as you dominant aspiration.
James Allen - It is a process of diverting one's scattered forces into one powerful channel.
James Allen - Good thoughts bear good fruit, bad thoughts bear bad fruit.
James Allen - The will to do springs from the knowledge that we can do.
James Allen - Harmony is one phase of the law whose spiritual expression is love.
James Allen - A man is literally what he thinks.
James Altucher - Honesty is the fastest way to prevent a mistake from turning into a failure.
James Altucher - The American Dream never really existed. It was a marketing scam.
James Altucher - Read every book, blog, website, whatever, about what you want to be an expert in.
James Altucher - You can only make money doing what you love.
James Altucher - Poker is a skill game pretending to be a chance game.
James Altucher - Quantity and persistence will get you the outcomes you need.
James Altucher - Read every sentence you write out loud. If it sounds boring, kill it.
James Altucher - Games are all about taking risks.
James Altucher - You're the average of the five people you spend your time with.
James Altucher - Investing is for wealth preservation, not wealth creation, so first you have to make wealth.
James Brown - I just thank God for all of the blessings.
James Brown - I want to say to you, Help yourself, so you can help someone else.
James Brown - My expectations of other people, I double them on myself.
James Brown - The one thing that can solve most of our problems is dancing.
James Brown - I taught them everything they know, but not everything I know.
James Brown - I'm not going to be joining ZZ Top. You know they can't play my stuff. It's too complicated.
James Brown - I got a wife who likes expensive things, so she takes all the cash.
James Brown - I'd like to cut down on the work a little bit.
James Brown - I'm kidding about having only a few dollars. I might have a few dollars more.
James Brown - I've been held responsible for taxes I know nothing about.
James Cash Penney - Growth is never by mere chance; it is the result of forces working together.
James Cash Penney - The best teamwork comes from men who are working independently toward one goal in unison.
James Cash Penney - The keystone of successful business is cooperation. Friction retards progress.
James Cash Penney - Luck is always the last refuge of laziness and incompetence.
James Cash Penney - The well-satisfied customer will bring the repeat sale that counts.
James Cash Penney - I do not believe in excuses. I believe in hard work as the prime solvent of life's problems.
James Cash Penney - It is always the start that requires the greatest effort.
James Cash Penney - Responsibilities are given to him on whom trust rests. Responsibility is always a sign of trust.
James Cash Penney - Every man must decide for himself whether he shall master his world or be mastered by it.
James Cash Penney - Clock watchers never seem to be having a good time.
James Dean - Dream as if you'll live forever. Live as if you'll die today.
James Dean - Only the gentle are ever really strong.
James Dean - There is no way to be truly great in this world. We are all impaled on the crook of conditioning.
James Dean - To my way of thinking, an actor's course is set even before he's out of the cradle.
James Dean - The gratification comes in the doing, not in the results.
James Dean - My purpose in life does not include a hankering to charm society.
James Dean - Being a good actor isn't easy. Being a man is even harder. I want to be both before I'm done.
James Dean - The only greatness for man is immortality.
James Dean - Trust and belief are two prime considerations. You must not allow yourself to be opinionated.
James Dean - Racing is the only time I feel whole.
James Dyson - As an engineer I'm constantly spotting problems and plotting how to solve them.
James Dyson - The computer dictates how you do something, whereas with a pencil you're totally free.
James Dyson - If robots are to clean our homes, they'll have to do it better than a person.
James Dyson - Engineers are behind the cars we drive, the pills we pop and the way we power our homes.
James Dyson - Enjoy failure and learn from it. You can never learn from success.
James Dyson - One of the most fun inventions of my lifetime is the Mini.
James Dyson - I like living on the edge.
James Dyson - We should learn to live more with our climate and rely less on electricity to alter our climate.
James Dyson - Goodness, I know nothing about nuclear energy.
James Dyson - The wonderful thing about Apple technology is just how intuitive it is.
James Earl Jones - More and more, when I single out the person out who inspired me most, I go back to my grandfather.
James Earl Jones - One of the hardest things in life is having words in your heart that you can't utter.
James Earl Jones - There's nothing I would retire for, so I won't retire.
James Earl Jones - Speech is a very important aspect of being human. A whisper doesn't cut it.
James Earl Jones - There is not enough magic in a bloodline to forge an instant, irrevocable bond.
James Earl Jones - You don't build a bond without being present.
James Earl Jones - My youngest uncle Randy and I were the first members of our entire family to ever go to college.
James Earl Jones - I mean, my people were very, very simple. They were peasant people, you know?
James Earl Jones - I knew real show business from my father, who had been an actor since he left the world of boxing.
James Earl Jones - I don't ever want to be a sentimentalist. I prefer to be a realist. I'm not a romantic really.
James Hetfield - There is one Metallica. We have many styles, it's called Metallica.
James Hetfield - It's all fun and games 'till someone loses an eye, then it's just fun you can't see.
James Hetfield - Authority pisses me off. I think everyone should be able to drink and get loud whenever they want.
James Hetfield - I choose to live, not just exist.
James Hetfield - Sleep my friend, and you will see that dream is my reality.
James Hetfield - There is something powerful in Metallica, a will, a drive.
James Hetfield - I wanted to make noise, not study theory.
James Hetfield - I'd rather regret doing something than not doing something.
James Hetfield - I'd like to have a beer-holder on my guitar like they have on boats.
James Hetfield - If I hadn't had music in my life, it's quite possible I'd be dead and I'd much rather be alive.
James Hillman - It is impossible to see the angel unless you first have a notion of it.
James Hillman - You don't know what you're going to get into when you follow your bliss.
James Hillman - I think we're miserable partly because we have only one god, and that's economics.
James Hillman - We need to work on the world so it will not be so oppressive.
James Hillman - We can't change anything until we get some fresh ideas, until we begin to see things differently.
James Hillman - Depression opens the door to beauty of some kind.
James Hillman - We forget that the soul has its own ancestors.
James Hillman - It's very important for men to look downward, to the next generation.
James Hillman - The moment the angel enters a life it enters an environment. We are ecological from day one.
James Hillman - I don't have answers. I have questions.
James Joyce - The actions of men are the best interpreters of their thoughts.
James Joyce - Mistakes are the portals of discovery.
James Joyce - No pen, no ink, no table, no room, no time, no quiet, no inclination.
James Joyce - He found in the world without as actual what was in his world within as possible.
James Joyce - The men that is now is only all palaver and what they can get out of you.
James Joyce - Think you're escaping and run into yourself. Longest way round is the shortest way home.
James Joyce - I fear those big words which make us so unhappy.
James Joyce - A man of genius makes no mistakes; his errors are volitional and are the portals of discovery.
James Joyce - Ireland sober is Ireland stiff.
James Joyce - It is a symbol of Irish art. The cracked looking-glass of a servant.
James M. Barrie - Those who bring sunshine into the lives of others cannot keep it from themselves.
James M. Barrie - God gave us memory so that we might have roses in December.
James M. Barrie - We never understand how little we need in this world until we know the loss of it.
James M. Barrie - Let no one who loves be unhappy, even love unreturned has its rainbow.
James M. Barrie - A woman can be anything the man who loves her would have her be.
James M. Barrie - Always be a little kinder than necessary.
James M. Barrie - Do you believe in fairies? Say quick that you believe. If you believe, clap your hands!
James M. Barrie - Never ascribe to an opponent motives meaner than your own.
James M. Barrie - Life is a long lesson in humility.
James M. Barrie - Nothing is really work unless you would rather be doing something else.
James Madison - If Tyranny and Oppression come to this land, it will be in the guise of fighting a foreign enemy.
James Madison - Liberty may be endangered by the abuse of liberty, but also by the abuse of power.
James Madison - The advancement and diffusion of knowledge is the only guardian of true liberty.
James Madison - If men were angels, no government would be necessary.
James Madison - The truth is that all men having power ought to be mistrusted.
James Madison - A well-instructed people alone can be permanently a free people.
James Madison - In no instance have... the churches been guardians of the liberties of the people.
James Madison - We are right to take alarm at the first experiment upon our liberties.
James Madison - All men having power ought to be distrusted to a certain degree.
James Madison - No nation could preserve its freedom in the midst of continual warfare.
James Mattis - For a sitting U.S. president to see our allies as freeloaders is nuts.
James Mattis - PowerPoint makes us stupid.
James Mattis - Marines don't know how to spell the word 'defeat'.
James Mattis - I don't lose any sleep at night over the potential for failure. I cannot even spell the word.
James Mattis - You must reward the kind of behavior that you want.
James Mattis - There is only one 'retirement plan' for terrorists.
James Mattis - There are going to be good days and bad days. Bottom line.
James Mattis - Read about history, and you become aware that nothing starts with us.
James Mattis - Ultimately, a real understanding of history means that we face nothing new under the sun.
James Mattis - I was a Marine for 41 years, and it wasn't long enough. We enjoy putting on that uniform.
James Taylor - The secret of life is enjoying the passage of time.
James Taylor - Music is like a huge release of tension.
James Taylor - Certain things in life are more important than the usual crap that everyone strives for.
James Taylor - I believe 100 percent in the power and importance of music.
James Taylor - That's the motivation of an artist - to seek attention of some kind.
James Taylor - We all have to face pain, and pain makes us grow.
James Taylor - If I were to try to identify a turning point I'd say that was it - getting clean.
James Taylor - I collect hats. That's what you do when you're bald.
James Taylor - I can take criticisms but not compliments.
James Taylor - You have to choose whether to love yourself or not.
James Thurber - A drawing is always dragged down to the level of its caption.
James Thurber - There are two kinds of light - the glow that illuminates, and the glare that obscures.
James Thurber - Old age is the most unexpected of all the things that can happen to a man.
James Thurber - You can fool too many of the people too much of the time.
James Thurber - Let us not look back in anger, nor forward in fear, but around in awareness.
James Thurber - One martini is all right. Two are too many, and three are not enough.
James Thurber - Well, if I called the wrong number, why did you answer the phone?
James Thurber - Love is what you've been through with somebody.
James Thurber - There is no exception to the rule that every rule has an exception.
James Thurber - The most dangerous food is wedding cake.
Jamie Dimon - No one can forecast the economy with certainty.
Jamie Dimon - I am struck that so many of our leaders in the U.S. forget how strong our country can be.
Jamie Dimon - The term 'too big to fail' must be excised from our vocabulary.
Jamie Dimon - I am not embarrassed to be a banker. I am not embarrassed to be in business.
Jamie Dimon - All businesses tend to pass costs onto customers.
Jamie Dimon - We are totally open kimono with regulators.
Jamie Dimon - The best way to look at any business is from the standpoint of the clients.
Jamie Dimon - I am a patriot: I want to help my country and help it grow.
Jamie Dimon - As American citizens, if you believe all banks were bailed out, you would hate banks. I would, too.
Jamie Dimon - My retirement date, every time you ask me that, I'm going to say five years. I don't want to retire.
Jamie Farr - You know what's nice about Montreal? Not only is it a beautiful city, but you have Cuban cigars.
Jamie Farr - I certainly don't have any airs about myself.
Jamie Farr - I did sketch comedy for years. I've always enjoyed it.
Jamie Farr - I don't think anybody is wanting to put me back on the air. But I'm certainly out there trying.
Jamie Farr - The third year of MASH was when I realized I was a hit.
Jamie Farr - As a kid, I had to be funny.
Jamie Farr - Never stay with friends or relatives. You end up living on their schedules.
Jamie Farr - I can't imagine that I will ever be on anything like 'M*A*S*H' again.
Jamie Farr - The dresses I wore are in the Smithsonian now.
Jamie Farr - I was the first man to put on a dress and play it straight. That was something very fresh. Still is.
Jamie Oliver - Stop being a vegan and start enjoying what you eat.
Jamie Oliver - The kitchen oven is reliable, but it's made us lazy.
Jamie Oliver - Many kids can tell you about drugs but do not know what celery or courgettes taste like.
Jamie Oliver - The public health of five million children should not be left to luck or chance.
Jamie Oliver - Give your kids a bloody knife and fork and let me put some fresh food in front of them they can eat.
Jamie Oliver - In England, you're allowed to have an opinion - as long as it comes out of your mouth.
Jamie Oliver - I could cook from quite an early age - purely because I liked it.
Jamie Oliver - As usual, my timing is bizarrely good.
Jamie Oliver - It's not the extremes and the treats that are the problem. It's the everyday.
Jamie Oliver - I like ties but I prefer not to wear one when I'm nervous.
Jamie Wyeth - The real kiss of death - particularly with my father - is the extraordinary popularity of his work.
Jamie Wyeth - I just can't whip off a likeness of somebody.
Jamie Wyeth - As a child, I always wanted to live on a boat.
Jamie Wyeth - The things that I paint are things that I know very well.
Jamie Wyeth - I'm a terrible technician, and I have a very hard time painting.
Jamie Wyeth - I learned from a longtime farmer that pigs enjoy soothing music.
Jamie Wyeth - I paint every day. I really have no hobbies. That's all I do.
Jamie Wyeth - Nothing is more uninteresting than completely knowing somebody, being totally at ease.
Jamie Wyeth - To me, this was an oxymoron, doing a painting of a dancer. Dancers are always moving.
Jamie Wyeth - Dance looks absurd on film, I think, like little puppets moving around.
Jane Fonda - I have a confidence about my life that comes from standing tall on my own two feet.
Jane Fonda - It's never too late - never too late to start over, never too late to be happy.
Jane Fonda - We're not meant to be perfect. It took me a long time to learn that.
Jane Fonda - A man has every season while a woman only has the right to spring.
Jane Fonda - To be a revolutionary you have to be a human being. You have to care about people who have no power.
Jane Fonda - Telling lies and showing off to get attention are mistakes I made that I don't want my kids to make.
Jane Fonda - But the whole point of liberation is that you get out. Restructure your life. Act by yourself.
Jane Fonda - I don't want my wrinkles taken away - I don't want to look like everyone else.
Jane Fonda - It's hard for women at my age in Hollywood, but I'm not discouraged.
Jane Fonda - I was so devastated by my second divorce that I had a nervous breakdown.
Janis Joplin - Oh Lord, won't you buy me a Mercedes Benz.
Janis Joplin - Being an intellectual creates a lot of questions and no answers.
Janis Joplin - I'm one of those regular weird people.
Janis Joplin - Don't compromise yourself. You are all you've got.
Janis Joplin - You got to get it while you can.
Janis Joplin - Guess what, I might be the first hippie pinup girl.
Janis Joplin - On stage, I make love to 25,000 different people, then I go home alone.
Janis Joplin - On stage I make love to twenty five thousand people; and then I go home alone.
Janis Joplin - I won't quit to become someone's old lady.
Janis Joplin - My father wouldn't get us a TV, he wouldn't allow a TV in the house.
Jason Kidd - We're going to turn this team around 360 degrees.
Jason Kidd - I've got to play free agency out, and I've got to look at all of my options.
Jason Kidd - I think we're going in the right direction.
Jason Kidd - A lot of things get misinterpreted with me, I guess.
Jason Kidd - I think if you're consistent in this league, you'll win a lot of ball games.
Jason Kidd - I just tried to play the game the right way. As you get older, Father Time is undefeated.
Jason Kidd - Kobe enjoys that situation. Stepping up and making the big basket or being involved in a key play.
Jason Kidd - The business always gets in the way of basketball.
Jason Kidd - I'm a high-risk taker on the court in the sense of trying to squeeze things in there.
Jason Kidd - I love 'Gladiator' and '300.'
Jason Statham - I've come from nowhere, and I'm not shy to go back.
Jason Statham - I've never been one to run around in Speedos on the beach.
Jason Statham - I love getting dressed up in a suit because I don't do it all the time.
Jason Statham - I love to get behind the wheel and get competitive.
Jason Statham - I think being a competitive diver for years helps you focus and dedicate yourself to what's needed.
Jason Statham - I'm certainly not Tom Cruise or Brad Pitt.
Jason Statham - I used to play a lot of racket sports, tennis and squash.
Jason Statham - I've been unfortunate enough to be working, and recovering from a few injuries now and again.
Jason Statham - My father used to run auctions. He's now a singer in the Canary Islands.
Jason Statham - It's street theater. You have to make it entertaining so people don't get bored and walk away.
Jasper Carrott - Laughter is the best medicine - unless you're diabetic, then insulin comes pretty high on the list.
Jasper Carrott - I was never the class clown, and I've no idea where the comedy came from.
Jasper Carrott - I want to do things I enjoy, and show business comes fifth or sixth down the line.
Jasper Carrott - Ringo isn't the best drummer in the world. He isn't even the best drummer in the Beatles.
Jasper Carrott - Happiness to me is simply not being unhappy.
Jasper Carrott - I've always been sensible with my money. I can't say I'm a business genius.
Jasper Carrott - I have that working class fear of having nothing. I've always got one eye on what's in the bank.
Jasper Carrott - I have to confess here that I am a useless cook.
Jasper Carrott - The impact of T.V. on our lives in general gets most things out of proportion.
Jasper Carrott - I've played with some very famous bandits in my time on the celebrity golf circuit.
Jasper Johns - I am not strong on perfection.
Jasper Johns - Intention involves such a small fragment of our consciousness and of our mind and of our life.
Jasper Johns - I am just trying to find a way to make pictures.
Jasper Johns - Take an object. Do something to it. Do something else to it.
Jasper Johns - Do something, do something to that, and then do something to that.
Jasper Johns - I tend to like things that already exist.
Jasper Johns - One likes to think that one anticipates changes in the spaces we inhabit, and our ideas about space.
Jasper Johns - To be an artist you have to give up everything, including the desire to be a good artist.
Jasper Johns - I love drawings, so I've always enjoyed making drawings that exist on their own.
Jasper Johns - To me, self-description is a calamity.
Jawaharlal Nehru - The art of a people is a true mirror to their minds.
Jawaharlal Nehru - Culture is the widening of the mind and of the spirit.
Jawaharlal Nehru - Failure comes only when we forget our ideals and objectives and principles.
Jawaharlal Nehru - The only alternative to coexistence is codestruction.
Jawaharlal Nehru - You don't change the course of history by turning the faces of portraits to the wall.
Jawaharlal Nehru - It is only too easy to make suggestions and later try to escape the consequences of what we say.
Jawaharlal Nehru - Let us be a little humble; let us think that the truth may not perhaps be entirely with us.
Jawaharlal Nehru - Citizenship consists in the service of the country.
Jawaharlal Nehru - Facts are facts and will not disappear on account of your likes.
Jawaharlal Nehru - The person who talks most of his own virtue is often the least virtuous.
Jean de la Bruyere - Out of difficulties grow miracles.
Jean de la Bruyere - Two persons cannot long be friends if they cannot forgive each other's little failings.
Jean de la Bruyere - Love and friendship exclude each other.
Jean de la Bruyere - The sweetest of all sounds is that of the voice of the woman we love.
Jean de la Bruyere - A position of eminence makes a great person greater and a small person less.
Jean de la Bruyere - A vain man finds it wise to speak good or ill of himself; a modest man does not talk of himself.
Jean de la Bruyere - The pleasure we feel in criticizing robs us from being moved by very beautiful things.
Jean de la Bruyere - Grief at the absence of a loved one is happiness compared to life with a person one hates.
Jean de la Bruyere - The first day one is a guest, the second a burden, and the third a pest.
Jean de la Bruyere - All men's misfortunes spring from their hatred of being alone.
Jean de La Fontaine - Rare as is true love, true friendship is rarer.
Jean de La Fontaine - Friendship is the shadow of the evening, which increases with the setting sun of life.
Jean de La Fontaine - A person often meets his destiny on the road he took to avoid it.
Jean de La Fontaine - Sadness flies away on the wings of time.
Jean de La Fontaine - Beware, so long as you live, of judging men by their outward appearance.
Jean de La Fontaine - In short, Luck's always to blame.
Jean de La Fontaine - Patience and time do more than strength or passion.
Jean de La Fontaine - Everyone believes very easily whatever they fear or desire.
Jean de La Fontaine - The strongest passion is fear.
Jean de La Fontaine - Dressed in the lion's skin, the ass spread terror far and wide.
Jean Paul - The more sand that has escaped from the hourglass of our life, the clearer we should see through it.
Jean Paul - Music is moonlight in the gloomy night of life.
Jean Paul - Our birthdays are feathers in the broad wing of time.
Jean Paul - Every friend is to the other a sun, and a sunflower also. He attracts and follows.
Jean Paul - What makes old age so sad is not that our joys but our hopes cease.
Jean Paul - Every man has a rainy corner of his life whence comes foul weather which follows him.
Jean Paul - Do not wait for extraordinary circumstances to do good action; try to use ordinary situations.
Jean Paul - Be great in act, as you have been in thought.
Jean Paul - You prove your worth with your actions, not with your mouth.
Jean Paul - Joy descends gently upon us like the evening dew, and does not patter down like a hailstorm.
Jean-Jacques Rousseau - Patience is bitter, but its fruit is sweet.
Jean-Jacques Rousseau - Absolute silence leads to sadness. It is the image of death.
Jean-Jacques Rousseau - A feeble body weakens the mind.
Jean-Jacques Rousseau - Man was born free, and he is everywhere in chains.
Jean-Jacques Rousseau - Whoever blushes is already guilty; true innocence is ashamed of nothing.
Jean-Jacques Rousseau - No man has any natural authority over his fellow men.
Jean-Jacques Rousseau - I may be no better, but at least I am different.
Jean-Jacques Rousseau - The English think they are free. They are free only during the election of members of parliament.
Jean-Jacques Rousseau - You forget that the fruits belong to all and that the land belongs to no one.
Jean-Jacques Rousseau - Every man has a right to risk his own life for the preservation of it.
Jean-Michel Basquiat - I start a picture and I finish it.
Jean-Michel Basquiat - I wanted to be a star, not a gallery mascot.
Jean-Michel Basquiat - Some days I can't get an idea, and I think, 'Man, I'm just washed up,' but it's just a mood.
Jean-Michel Basquiat - The country makes me more paranoid, you know? I think the crazy people out there are little crazier.
Jean-Michel Basquiat - I'm not a real person. I'm a legend.
Jean-Michel Basquiat - I don't think about art when I'm working. I try to think about life.
Jean-Michel Basquiat - Occasionally, when I get mad at a woman, I'll do some great, awful painting about her.
Jean-Michel Basquiat - I am not a black artist, I am an artist.
Jean-Michel Basquiat - I want to make paintings that look as if they were made by a child.
Jean-Michel Basquiat - The more I paint the more I like everything.
Jean-Paul Sartre - Only the guy who isn't rowing has time to rock the boat.
Jean-Paul Sartre - Freedom is what you do with what's been done to you.
Jean-Paul Sartre - Commitment is an act, not a word.
Jean-Paul Sartre - If you are lonely when you're alone, you are in bad company.
Jean-Paul Sartre - When rich people fight wars with one another, poor people are the ones to die.
Jean-Paul Sartre - Being is. Being is in-itself. Being is what it is.
Jean-Paul Sartre - Words are loaded pistols.
Jean-Paul Sartre - A lost battle is a battle one thinks one has lost.
Jean-Paul Sartre - Life begins on the other side of despair.
Jean-Paul Sartre - We must act out passion before we can feel it.
Jeff Buckley - I don't really need to be remembered. I hope the music's remembered.
Jeff Buckley - Kiss me out of desire, but not consolation.
Jeff Buckley - All flowers in time bend towards the sun, I know you say there's no one for you, But here is one.
Jeff Buckley - To young to hold on and to old to just break free and run.
Jeff Buckley - She's a tear that hangs inside my soul forever.
Jeff Buckley - Thinking so hard on her soft eyes and memories of the signs that it's over. It's over.
Jeff Buckley - I just want to be a guy with a guitar.
Jeff Buckley - A tune has to resonate with whatever is happening around it.
Jeff Buckley - When I sing, my face changes shape. It feels like my skull changes shape... the bones bend.
Jeff Buckley - Certain emotions just take you to the notes - being furious, heroic, sad, erotic, when rain comes.
Jeff Foxworthy - Did you know babies are nauseated by the smell of a clean shirt?
Jeff Foxworthy - That's the great thing about a tractor. You can't really hear the phone ring.
Jeff Foxworthy - If you own a home with wheels on it and several cars without, you just might be a redneck.
Jeff Foxworthy - I have never been jealous. Not even when my dad finished fifth grade a year before I did.
Jeff Foxworthy - You may be a redneck if... you have spent more on your pickup truck than on your education.
Jeff Foxworthy - You may be a redneck if... your lifetime goal is to own a fireworks stand.
Jeff Foxworthy - You moon the wrong person at an office party and suddenly you're not 'professional' any more.
Jeff Foxworthy - If you've ever made change in the offering plate, you might be a redneck.
Jeff Foxworthy - I know God is real.
Jeff Foxworthy - I know if mama ain't happy, ain't nobody happy.
Jeff Sessions - You pay a price when you have an objective sentencing system. That is, nothing is perfect.
Jeff Sessions - I certainly believe that improving our intelligence is of important national interest.
Jeff Sessions - We can't do everything with a budget, but we can put the country on much sounder financial footing.
Jeff Sessions - I'm a big fan of the DEA.
Jeff Sessions - Donors don't win elections; voters win elections.
Jeff Sessions - Every day, lax sentencing costs lives.
Jeff Sessions - I am pleased to endorse Donald Trump for the presidency of the United States.
Jeff Sessions - Hybart is a little community I grew up in, so it was just a wonderful time in those years.
Jeff Sessions - Legal immigration is the primary source of low-wage immigration into the United States.
Jeff Sessions - You don't have a constitutional right or a moral right to demand entry into any country.
Jennifer Aniston - Life can be dramatic and funny all in the same day.
Jennifer Aniston - My best hostess tip is to have good food and really good music!
Jennifer Aniston - I spent my first paycheck on a vintage Mercedes.
Jennifer Aniston - I love to read about what my love life is really like.
Jennifer Aniston - True love brings up everything - you're allowing a mirror to be held up to you daily.
Jennifer Aniston - There are no regrets in life, just lessons.
Jennifer Aniston - Oh, it's not really gambling when you never lose.
Jennifer Aniston - The best smell in the world is that man that you love.
Jennifer Aniston - I always say don't make plans, make options.
Jennifer Aniston - I am trying to think of the last time that I just said, 'What the hell!' and did something crazy.
Jennifer Lopez - Women should never go without earrings. Passing on them is an opportunity missed.
Jennifer Lopez - Doubt is a killer. You just have to know who you are and what you stand for.
Jennifer Lopez - You mirror what the world mirrors to you.
Jennifer Lopez - You get what you give. What you put into things is what you get out of them.
Jennifer Lopez - I have the stardom glow.
Jennifer Lopez - I could serve coffee using my rear as a ledge.
Jennifer Lopez - And I love the idea of spending the whole day in bed with my lover.
Jennifer Lopez - And I deal with all that by being like a perfectionist. But that's okay.
Jennifer Lopez - They're making me out to be a serial marrying person or something. I'm laughing at that.
Jennifer Lopez - I judge people on how they smell, not how they look.
Jeremy Bentham - The power of the lawyer is in the uncertainty of the law.
Jeremy Bentham - Stretching his hand up to reach the stars, too often man forgets the flowers at his feet.
Jeremy Bentham - It is the greatest good to the greatest number of people which is the measure of right and wrong.
Jeremy Bentham - Lawyers are the only persons in whom ignorance of the law is not punished.
Jeremy Bentham - The question is not, 'Can they reason?' nor, 'Can they talk?' but rather, 'Can they suffer?'
Jeremy Bentham - The greatest happiness of the greatest number is the foundation of morals and legislation.
Jeremy Bentham - All punishment is mischief; all punishment in itself is evil.
Jeremy Bentham - Every law is an infraction of liberty.
Jeremy Bentham - Secrecy, being an instrument of conspiracy, ought never to be the system of a regular government.
Jeremy Bentham - Tyranny and anarchy are never far apart.
Jeremy Corbyn - We are not doing celebrity, personality, abusive politics - we are doing ideas. This is about hope.
Jeremy Corbyn - I am just an ordinary person trying to do an ordinary job.
Jeremy Corbyn - I'm a leader, not a dictator. I want to persuade people rather than threaten or control them.
Jeremy Corbyn - Life is life. Some of the wisest people you meet are sweeping our streets.
Jeremy Corbyn - Inequality is a terrible waste of time, a waste of people's resources.
Jeremy Corbyn - What I find appalling is the intrusive nature towards my extended family.
Jeremy Corbyn - We live in a very unequal society.
Jeremy Corbyn - I'm not joining in personal attacks... I don't do personal attacks.
Jeremy Corbyn - I've got lots of stamina; don't worry about that. I cycle every day - it's OK.
Jeremy Corbyn - Sure, I've met with people I don't agree with.
Jerry Della Femina - I honestly believe that advertising is the most fun you can have with your clothes on.
Jerry Della Femina - Thank you for making me nouveau riche.
Jerry Della Femina - Advertising should always be in good taste without a question.
Jerry Della Femina - Probably the best advertising jobs of all are done by governments to convince people to go to war.
Jerry Della Femina - Kids don't know what life was like without cell phones.
Jerry Della Femina - I am a temporary amusement.
Jerry Della Femina - I've never met a client who wants to be the worst.
Jerry Della Femina - Almost everything looks better from a distance, Long Island included.
Jerry Della Femina - People don't generally like advertising that takes a stand.
Jerry Della Femina - There are no client conflicts, only bad explanations.
Jerry Garcia - Constantly choosing the lesser of two evils is still choosing evil.
Jerry Garcia - America is still mostly xenophobic and racist. That's the nature of America, I think.
Jerry Garcia - Stuff that's hidden and murky and ambiguous is scary because you don't know what it does.
Jerry Garcia - I'm shopping around for something to do that no one will like.
Jerry Garcia - And as far as I'm concerned, it's like I say, drugs are not the problem. Other stuff is the problem.
Jerry Garcia - And for me there's still more material than 20 lifetimes that I can use up.
Jerry Garcia - I mean, whatever kills you kills you, and your death is authentic no matter how you die.
Jerry Garcia - Our strong suit is what we do, and our audience.
Jerry Garcia - So we are pretty convinced we don't want to play huge stadiums unless we can play them well.
Jerry Garcia - What we do is as American as lynch mobs. America has always been a complex place.
Jerry Seinfeld - Pay attention, don't let life go by you. Fall in love with the back of your cereal box.
Jerry Seinfeld - That's the true spirit of Christmas; people being helped by people other than me.
Jerry Seinfeld - I think it's funny to be delicate with subjects that are explosive.
Jerry Seinfeld - You can be passionate about anything.
Jerry Seinfeld - To me, if life boils down to one thing, it's movement. To live is to keep moving.
Jerry Seinfeld - You have to motivate yourself with challenges. That's how you know you're still alive.
Jerry Seinfeld - People who read the tabloids deserve to be lied to.
Jerry Seinfeld - Once you start doing only what you've already proven you can do, you're on the road to death.
Jerry Seinfeld - A bookstore is one of the only pieces of evidence we have that people are still thinking.
Jerry Seinfeld - The IRS! They're like the Mafia, they can take anything they want!
Jerry West - I'm a Gemini. Know what that means? There are two very different sides to me.
Jerry West - Confidence is a lot of this game or any game. If you don't think you can, you won't.
Jerry West - You can't get much done in life if you only work on the days when you feel good.
Jerry West - I enjoy winning, but more importantly, I enjoy the people I'm around.
Jerry West - I'm just ultracompetitive. I will be till they put me in the grave.
Jerry West - I'm surprised when the ball doesn't go into the hoop. I think I should make every shot.
Jerry West - In the playoffs, the best players are supposed to play better. I did. It made no difference.
Jerry West - You need lofty goals. Then cement it with a great work ethic.
Jerry West - Fear of failure, it's the greatest motivational tool. It drives me and drives me and drives me.
Jerry West - If you don't want to win, you don't want to be around me.
Jesse Ventura - Congratulations, you have a sense of humor. And to those who didn't: Go stick your head in the mud.
Jesse Ventura - Wrestling is ballet with violence.
Jesse Ventura - A crime is a crime, regardless of what collar you wear.
Jesse Ventura - You can't legislate morality.
Jesse Ventura - If you were to come to Minnesota, I could have you locked up like that. That's power.
Jesse Ventura - There is much more to being a patriot and a citizen than reciting the pledge or raising a flag.
Jesse Ventura - Win if you can, lose if you must, but always cheat.
Jesse Ventura - You can't legislate against stupidity.
Jesse Ventura - It seems that elections today are more popularity than they are substantial issues.
Jesse Ventura - I'm saying that there's way more to 9/11 than mainstream media and our government have told us.
Jessica Simpson - All I have to say is: Jessica Simpson is the most beautiful woman on the planet!
Jessica Simpson - I love to be comfortable, but I also love to play up the glamour.
Jessica Simpson - I don't ever really feel that wearing my wedding ring is what determines me being married or not.
Jessica Simpson - I think anything sounds good with a Southern accent.
Jessica Simpson - There's nothing worse than being disappointed in somebody.
Jessica Simpson - Is this chicken, what I have, or is this fish? I know it's tuna, but it says 'Chicken of the Sea.'
Jessica Simpson - I don't want to look like Daisy Duke every day. I don't want to wear a bathing suit every day.
Jessica Simpson - I'm a naughty sweetheart.
Jessica Simpson - Is that weird, taking my Louis Vuitton bag camping?
Jessica Simpson - I have to go... drop some kids in the pool.
Jiddu Krishnamurti - It is no measure of health to be well adjusted to a profoundly sick society.
Jiddu Krishnamurti - The constant assertion of belief is an indication of fear.
Jiddu Krishnamurti - We all want to be famous people, and the moment we want to be something we are no longer free.
Jiddu Krishnamurti - One is never afraid of the unknown; one is afraid of the known coming to an end.
Jiddu Krishnamurti - Religion is the frozen thought of man out of which they build temples.
Jiddu Krishnamurti - Tradition becomes our security, and when the mind is secure it is in decay.
Jiddu Krishnamurti - Truth is a pathless land.
Jiddu Krishnamurti - When I understand myself, I understand you, and out of that understanding comes love.
Jiddu Krishnamurti - With increasing age, dullness of mind and heart sets in.
Jiddu Krishnamurti - Freedom from the desire for an answer is essential to the understanding of a problem.
Jill Scott - For me, hair is an accoutrement. Hair is jewelry. It's an accessory.
Jill Scott - My grill is intended to be discreet. It's there because I enjoy jewelry.
Jill Scott - To be a queen of a household is a powerful thing.
Jill Scott - I need to find creative diversity because if I get stuck, I get unhappy.
Jill Scott - You have to be humble when you're dealing with God.
Jill Scott - If you can't help me grow, there's no point with you being in my life.
Jill Scott - African people worldwide are known to be welcoming and open-minded.
Jill Scott - I've learned that friendship does not equate business, business does not equate friendship.
Jill Scott - God is ever present. He's in every breath, in every step. He's here, always, always.
Jill Scott - I love foods that start in my cheeks and then vibrate up.
Jillian Michaels - Life has a way of working out the way it's meant to.
Jillian Michaels - Sometimes you've got to make your work and workouts co-exist.
Jillian Michaels - My agenda is trying to help people live a better life.
Jillian Michaels - Parenting is not for sissies. You have to sacrifice and grow up.
Jillian Michaels - I only eat healthy food, and I only want healthy love!
Jillian Michaels - It's impossible to put yourself first when you're a mom.
Jillian Michaels - I was homophobic because I obviously didn't know that I was gay.
Jillian Michaels - It's important in life to celebrate any victory in life.
Jillian Michaels - I'm trying to get into the best shape of my life for 40.
Jillian Michaels - I change the workout every month, so you never adapt and never plateau.
Jim Carrey - Behind every great man is a woman rolling her eyes.
Jim Carrey - A lot of good love can happen in ten years.
Jim Carrey - It is better to risk starving to death then surrender. If you give up on your dreams, what's left?
Jim Carrey - Maybe other people will try to limit me but I don't limit myself.
Jim Carrey - I'm very serious about no alcohol, no drugs. Life is too beautiful.
Jim Carrey - Ya know what I do almost every day? I wash. Personal hygiene is part of the package with me.
Jim Carrey - My focus is to forget the pain of life. Forget the pain, mock the pain, reduce it. And laugh.
Jim Carrey - Life opens up opportunities to you, and you either take them or you stay afraid of taking them.
Jim Carrey - If you've got a talent, protect it.
Jim Carrey - My upbringing in Canada made me the person I am. I will always be proud to be a Canadian.
Jim Gaffigan - I'm a comedian, which is the opposite of a lifestyle that equips you to be a parent.
Jim Gaffigan - I always imagine that if I met Dr. Seuss, he would be very similar to Crispin Glover.
Jim Gaffigan - You know what it's like having five kids? Imagine you're drowning. And someone hands you a baby.
Jim Gaffigan - Ever read a book that changed your life? Me neither.
Jim Gaffigan - There's something that's really fun about the challenge of making the mundane funny, too, I think.
Jim Gaffigan - I'm closer to Bob Newhart than Rodney Dangerfield.
Jim Gaffigan - Most single guys I know think fatherhood is terrifying.
Jim Gaffigan - I try to only eat animals that are vegan. I'm probably the opposite of a vegan.
Jim Gaffigan - I just want to be known as funny.
Jim Gaffigan - There's something about being a parent that has, I think, made me a better comedian.
Jim Harrison - You can't be unhappy in the middle of a big, beautiful river.
Jim Harrison - We pretend that the brain is binary, like a computer. But it's not. It's completely holographic.
Jim Harrison - Everybody has a gun in their car in Detroit.
Jim Harrison - We are all naturally xenophobic.
Jim Harrison - I don't know what psychotherapy does. I have been seeing the same person for 26 years now.
Jim Harrison - Short things are short all over and long things are long all over.
Jim Harrison - Naturally we would prefer seven epiphanies a day and an earth not so apparently devoid of angels.
Jim Harrison - Because most writers have totally unrealistic concepts of how publishing works.
Jim Harrison - I write novellas because I don't like loose sprawling prose.
Jim Harrison - New Yorkers are mostly interested in New York - in case you haven't noticed.
Jim Morrison - A friend is someone who gives you total freedom to be yourself.
Jim Morrison - There are things known and things unknown and in between are the doors.
Jim Morrison - Where's your will to be weird?
Jim Morrison - Some of the worst mistakes of my life have been haircuts.
Jim Morrison - I like people who shake other people up and make them feel uncomfortable.
Jim Morrison - Hatred is a very underestimated emotion.
Jim Morrison - Whoever controls the media, controls the mind.
Jim Morrison - This is the strangest life I've ever known.
Jim Morrison - When you make your peace with authority, you become authority.
Jim Morrison - Violence isn't always evil. What's evil is the infatuation with violence.
Jim Valvano - My father gave me the greatest gift anyone could give another person, he believed in me.
Jim Valvano - I will thank God for the day and the moment I have.
Jim Valvano - And if you see me, smile and maybe give me a hug. That's important to me too.
Jim Valvano - What enables us to achieve our greatness contains the seeds of our destruction.
Jim Valvano - Be a dreamer. If you don't know how to dream, you're dead.
Jim Valvano - Don't give up. Don't ever give up.
Jim Valvano - I talked about my family, my family's so important.
Jim Valvano - I'm not happy to be here. I'm just happy to be!
Jim Valvano - How many people do you know who've had their dream come true? You're looking at one.
Jim Valvano - I was an absolute maniac, a terrible husband and father.
Jimi Hendrix - When the power of love overcomes the love of power the world will know peace.
Jimi Hendrix - You have to go on and be crazy. Craziness is like heaven.
Jimi Hendrix - Knowledge speaks, but wisdom listens.
Jimi Hendrix - The story of life is quicker than the blink of an eye, the story of love is hello, goodbye.
Jimi Hendrix - Excuse me while I kiss the sky.
Jimi Hendrix - Even Castles made of sand, fall into the sea, eventually.
Jimi Hendrix - You have to give people something to dream on.
Jimi Hendrix - I've been imitated so well I've heard people copy my mistakes.
Jimi Hendrix - Imagination is the key to my lyrics. The rest is painted with a little science fiction.
Jimi Hendrix - I'm the one that has to die when it's time for me to die, so let me live my life, the way I want to.
Jimmy Buffett - Wrinkles will only go where the smiles have been.
Jimmy Buffett - It takes no more time to see the good side of life than it takes to see the bad.
Jimmy Buffett - Older and wiser voices can help you find the right path, if you are only willing to listen.
Jimmy Buffett - I just want to live happily ever after, every now and then.
Jimmy Buffett - Well, I'm still here. Didn't have to go to rehab, and I'm not broke.
Jimmy Buffett - Is it ignorance or apathy? Hey, I don't know and I don't care.
Jimmy Buffett - If life gives you limes, make margaritas.
Jimmy Buffett - We are the people our parents warned us about.
Jimmy Buffett - Indecision may or may not be my problem.
Jimmy Buffett - I'm inspired by people who keep on rolling, no matter their age.
Jimmy Carter - I say to you quite frankly that the time for racial discrimination is over.
Jimmy Carter - You can do what you have to do, and sometimes you can do it even better than you think you can.
Jimmy Carter - We must adjust to changing times and still hold to unchanging principles.
Jimmy Carter - America did not invent human rights. In a very real sense human rights invented America.
Jimmy Carter - Whatever starts in California unfortunately has an inclination to spread.
Jimmy Carter - To deal with individual human needs at the everyday level can be noble sometimes.
Jimmy Carter - Unless both sides win, no agreement can be permanent.
Jimmy Carter - Aggression unopposed becomes a contagious disease.
Jimmy Carter - We should live our lives as though Christ were coming this afternoon.
Jimmy Carter - I have often wanted to drown my troubles, but I can't get my wife to go swimming.
Jimmy Dean - I can't change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust my sails to always reach my destination.
Jimmy Dean - Love is an ice cream sundae, with all the marvelous coverings. Sex is the cherry on top.
Jimmy Dean - Nobody, man or woman, has ever wrecked a good marriage.
Jimmy Dean - I went further on less talent than anyone, but I was a damned good entertainer.
Jimmy Dean - God is bigger than people think.
Jimmy Dean - Poverty was the greatest motivating factor in my life.
Jimmy Dean - Do what you say you're going to do. And try to do it a little better than you said you would.
Jimmy Dean - Sausage is a great deal like life. You get out of it about what you put into it.
Jimmy Dean - Being a Baptist won't keep you from sinning, but it'll sure as hell keep you from enjoying it.
Jimmy Dean - You know you're getting old when you go to more funerals than you do weddings.
Jimmy Fallon - 'Have fun' is my message. Be silly. You're allowed to be silly. There's nothing wrong with it.
Jimmy Fallon - You only think of the best comeback when you leave.
Jimmy Fallon - The one thing you shouldn't do is try to tell a cab driver how to get somewhere.
Jimmy Fallon - I never sing in the shower. It's very dangerous.
Jimmy Fallon - I became a Yankees fan for a few years. But now, I gotta say, I'm really rooting for the Red Sox.
Jimmy Fallon - I like being absurd. Being silly.
Jimmy Fallon - Sandler's always good. Tom Hanks gave me some good advice.
Jimmy Fallon - I didn't act like I was there. I just got into the story.
Jimmy Fallon - I like video games, I like tech, I like being positive.
Jimmy Fallon - I'm going to North Pole to help out Santa this year.
Jimmy Page - I'm just looking for an angel with a broken wing.
Jimmy Page - I always believed in the music we did and that's why it was uncompromising.
Jimmy Page - I may not believe in myself, but I believe in what I'm doing.
Jimmy Page - I don't think the critics could understand what we were doing.
Jimmy Page - I really don't listen to Led Zeppelin that much.
Jimmy Page - The benchmark of quality I go for is pretty high.
Jimmy Page - The album's not dead for me; I still buy vinyl albums.
Jimmy Page - I wasn't into jazz so much - I preferred things raw.
Jimmy Page - I don't really know anything about sales figures, to be honest with you.
Jimmy Page - The only way to have time is to shut down and then do what you want to do.
Jo Brand - Anything is good if it's made of chocolate.
Jo Brand - Even nice things don't make you happy when you're tired.
Jo Brand - I think there's a far more general audience now because I've done more populist stuff on telly.
Jo Brand - Whatever situation you are in, that is what is normal for you.
Jo Brand - I'd love to live in Kent but it's all a question of work.
Jo Brand - It's actually very hard when you're settled in one place to completely uproot yourself and go.
Jo Brand - I think some people ramp a side of themselves up for performance purposes.
Jo Brand - I must be an anorexic because an anorexic looks in the mirror and sees a fat person.
Jo Brand - You look across the board at comedy quiz shows, and they are mainly hosted by men.
Jo Brand - I read that book 'Fat is a Feminist Issue', got a bit desperate halfway through and ate it.
Joan Collins - Loneliness is the universal problem of rich people.
Joan Collins - If life throws you a lemon - make lemonade.
Joan Collins - The problem with beauty is that it's like being born rich and getting poorer.
Joan Collins - The secret of having a personal life is not answering too many questions about it.
Joan Collins - I mean, even my dressing room at the studio has candles and cushions and cashmere rugs and things.
Joan Collins - I really feel now like a native New Yorker. And I'm very happy here.
Joan Collins - I'm extremely happy in my life. I consider myself to be very blessed.
Joan Collins - The easiest way to convince my kids that they don't really need something is to get it for them.
Joan Collins - Age is just a number. It's totally irrelevant unless, of course, you happen to be a bottle of wine.
Joan Collins - I don't look my age, I don't feel my age and I don't act my age. To me age is just a number.
Joan Didion - I have always wanted a swimming pool and never had one.
Joan Didion - Life changes in the instant. The ordinary instant.
Joan Didion - Life changes fast. Life changes in the instant. You sit down to dinner and life as you know it ends.
Joan Didion - Self-respect is a question of recognizing that anything worth having has a price.
Joan Didion - We forget all too soon the things we thought we could never forget.
Joan Didion - Grammar is a piano I play by ear. All I know about grammar is its power.
Joan Didion - The writer is always tricking the reader into listening to their dream.
Joan Didion - You have to pick the places you don't walk away from.
Joan Didion - Was it only by dreaming or writing that I could find out what I thought?
Joan Didion - Late afternoon on the West Coast ends with the sky doing all its brilliant stuff.
Joan Rivers - Yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery, today is God's gift, that's why we call it the present.
Joan Rivers - I was smart enough to go through any door that opened.
Joan Rivers - I don't excercise. If God had wanted me to bend over, he would have put diamonds on the floor.
Joan Rivers - The first time I see a jogger smiling, I'll consider it.
Joan Rivers - Never floss with a stranger.
Joan Rivers - I wish I had a twin, so I could know what I'd look like without plastic surgery.
Joan Rivers - I told my mother-in-law that my house was her house, and she said, 'Get the hell off my property.'
Joan Rivers - If God wanted us to bend over he'd put diamonds on the floor.
Joan Rivers - I hate reality shows that are not reality.
Joan Rivers - My best birth control now is just to leave the lights on.
Joanna Lumley - I've never felt the constraints of social acceptability.
Joanna Lumley - I find it a great antidote... lipstick and mirrors and hairspray.
Joanna Lumley - As soon as you reach a certain age, you're thrown onto a kind of mental scrap heap.
Joanna Lumley - If you haven't understood that if you are born you die, you scarcely deserve to be able to be alive.
Joanna Lumley - I switch off lights like a maniac. I drive at reasonable speeds so that I don't waste petrol.
Joanna Lumley - I was once kissed on the lips by a giraffe, and I don't think I've ever got over it.
Joanna Lumley - There is something so quiet and so industrious, something so Viking about the Scots.
Joanna Lumley - Nobody tells you Rwanda looks like Tuscany with its tiled roofs.
Joanna Lumley - Buy an atlas and keep it by the bed - remember you can go anywhere.
Joanna Lumley - I'm aware of my body.
Joe Biden - Fighting corruption is not just good governance. It's self-defense. It's patriotism.
Joe Biden - Failure at some point in your life is inevitable, but giving up is unforgivable.
Joe Biden - Foreign policy is like human relations, only people know less about each other.
Joe Biden - In the good old days when I was a senator, I was my own man.
Joe Biden - The American people have not become heartless.
Joe Biden - Reality has a way of intruding. Reality eventually intrudes on everything.
Joe Biden - The greatest gift is the ability to forget - to forget the bad things and focus on the good.
Joe Biden - One of the things I've never been accused of is not caring about people.
Joe Biden - The devastating punch we took on September 11th still reverberates throughout American society.
Joe Biden - Let's just be smart this time. I'm looking for smart.
Joe Paterno - Believe deep down in your heart that you're destined to do great things.
Joe Paterno - Its the name on the front of the jersey that matters most, not the one on the back.
Joe Paterno - Besides pride, loyalty, discipline, heart, and mind, confidence is the key to all the locks.
Joe Paterno - Success without honor is an unseasoned dish; it will satisfy your hunger, but it won't taste good.
Joe Paterno - The will to win is important, but the will to prepare is vital.
Joe Paterno - Losing a game is heartbreaking. Losing your sense of excellence or worth is a tragedy.
Joe Paterno - Publicity is like poison; it doesn't hurt unless you swallow it.
Joe Paterno - The minute you think you've got it made, disaster is just around the corner.
Joe Paterno - The name on the front of the jersey is what really matters, not the name on the back.
Joe Paterno - I've had a wonderful experience here at Penn State.
Joe Rogan - If you can lie, you can act, and if you can lie to crazy girlfriends, you can act under pressure.
Joe Rogan - People want their 15 minutes and are willing to do anything to get it.
Joe Rogan - If you are the greatest, why would you go around talking about it?
Joe Rogan - I talk so much about sex that girls just want to meet me.
Joe Rogan - Never stay in a bad marriage, and don't hang around with psycho coke fiends.
Joe Rogan - I do cagefight commentary in my spare time.
Joe Rogan - If someone plays a brooding actor in a film, people think they're brooding all the time.
Joe Rogan - People for the most part can smell lies.
Joe Rogan - But it's hard for a chick to do comedy. It's not as open for them.
Joe Rogan - I really feel like it's a travesty to make a child famous. I really do.
Joel Salatin - Know you food, know your farmers, and know your kitchen.
Joel Salatin - My imperative is to seek every moment and to live so God is in control.
Joel Salatin - Nobody trusts the industrial food system to give them good food.
Joel Salatin - 'Organic' doesn't mean what people think it means.
Joel Salatin - Outrageous behavior, also known as the lunatic fringe, is the seed bed of innovation and creativity.
Joel Salatin - We would be a much healthier culture if the government had never told us how to eat.
Joel Salatin - We're scared to death to try new things because we think we have to get it right the first time.
Joel Salatin - If a job is worth doing, it's worth doing poorly first.
Joel Salatin - No civilization on the brink of collapse has ever changed fast enough to avert collapse.
Joel Salatin - The truth is, everything is eating and being eaten.
John Adams - I must study politics and war that my sons may have liberty to study mathematics and philosophy.
John Adams - Old minds are like old horses; you must exercise them if you wish to keep them in working order.
John Adams - Liberty cannot be preserved without general knowledge among the people.
John Adams - Power always thinks it has a great soul and vast views beyond the comprehension of the weak.
John Adams - The happiness of society is the end of government.
John Adams - Power always thinks... that it is doing God's service when it is violating all his laws.
John Adams - Great is the guilt of an unnecessary war.
John Adams - A government of laws, and not of men.
John Adams - The furnace of affliction produces refinement, in states as well as individuals.
John Adams - In politics the middle way is none at all.
John Bolton - I haven't given up on the possibility that sweet reason will prevail.
John Bolton - Diplomacy is not an end in itself if it does not advance U.S. interests.
John Bolton - The U.N. is one of many competitors in a marketplace of global problem solving.
John Bolton - There is no such thing as the United Nations.
John Bolton - North Korea is going to get away with keeping its nuclear weapons.
John Bolton - There's no religious test under the constitution. That's what it says. Period.
John Bolton - Politicians, like generals, have a tendency to fight the last war.
John Bolton - Maybe it's my libertarian philosophy: but being in government is hard.
John Bolton - It's very personal in its politics, very bitter and very negative.
John Bolton - I don't do carrots.
John Burroughs - If you think you can do it, you can.
John Burroughs - A man can fail many times, but he isn't a failure until he begins to blame somebody else.
John Burroughs - I go to nature to be soothed and healed, and to have my senses put in order.
John Burroughs - How beautiful the leaves grow old. How full of light and color are their last days.
John Burroughs - Leap, and the net will appear.
John Burroughs - A somebody was once a nobody who wanted to and did.
John Burroughs - To learn something new, take the path that you took yesterday.
John Burroughs - The Kingdom of Heaven is not a place, but a state of mind.
John Burroughs - The secret of happiness is something to do.
John Burroughs - The smallest deed is better than the greatest intention.
John Cena - I don't doll myself up for TV because I want people to accept me for who I am.
John Cena - If you don't learn from your mistakes, then they become regrets.
John Cena - I'm a cigar aficionado.
John Cena - By the time I was 15 and I stepped in the high school gym, I was just stronger than everybody.
John Cena - Be loyal to those who are loyal to you. And respect everyone, even your enemies and competition.
John Cena - Whether you like me or you don't, I still dig showing up for work.
John Cena - I don't play a character. It's totally just an extension of myself.
John Cena - Winning the Royal Rumble is as big an accomplishment as anything.
John Cena - Whether fighting or spitting, my discipline is unforgiving!
John Cena - Entertainment is often a medium in which you can put yourself front and center.
John Cleese - The most creative people have this childlike facility to play.
John Cleese - If God did not intend for us to eat animals, then why did he make them out of meat?
John Cleese - I have several times made a poor choice by avoiding a necessary confrontation.
John Cleese - If you want creative workers, give them enough time to play.
John Cleese - If life were fair, Dan Quayle would be making a living asking 'Do you want fries with that?'
John Cleese - You don't have to be the Dalai Lama to tell people that life's about change.
John Cleese - He who laughs most, learns best.
John Cleese - A man will give up almost anything except his suffering.
John Cleese - Comedy always works best when it is mean-spirited.
John Cleese - I want to write a book which is the history of comedy.
John Cornyn - In my experience, endorsements by public officials, they don't count for anything.
John Cornyn - People are tired of just yelling at the TV set. They actually are going to turn out and vote.
John Cornyn - The enemy is not Islam, the great world faith, but a perversion of Islam.
John Cornyn - When it rains, it pours - figuratively and literally.
John Cornyn - It doesn't hurt to show some empathy.
John Cornyn - Senators will do what they think they need to do to represent their constituents.
John Cornyn - Why is it that half of the households in America pay zero income tax? We need some real tax reform.
John Cornyn - I think many people simply feel like they don't recognize their country anymore.
John Cornyn - My goal has always been to figure out how we can advance the conservative cause.
John Cornyn - Those who feel a little insecure about our border have some reason to feel that way.
John D. Rockefeller - If your only goal is to become rich, you will never achieve it.
John D. Rockefeller - Good management consists in showing average people how to do the work of superior people.
John D. Rockefeller - Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great.
John D. Rockefeller - The way to make money is to buy when blood is running in the streets.
John D. Rockefeller - Giving should be entered into in just the same way as investing. Giving is investing.
John D. Rockefeller - A friendship founded on business is better than a business founded on friendship.
John D. Rockefeller - I believe that thrift is essential to well-ordered living.
John D. Rockefeller - Every right implies a responsibility; Every opportunity, an obligation, Every possession, a duty.
John D. Rockefeller - I always tried to turn every disaster into an opportunity.
John D. Rockefeller - Competition is a sin.
John Dewey - Education is not preparation for life; education is life itself.
John Dewey - Arriving at one goal is the starting point to another.
John Dewey - Education, therefore, is a process of living and not a preparation for future living.
John Dewey - Nature is the mother and the habitat of man, even if sometimes a stepmother and an unfriendly home.
John Dewey - The good man is the man who, no matter how morally unworthy he has been, is moving to become better.
John Dewey - Time and memory are true artists; they remould reality nearer to the heart's desire.
John Dewey - Skepticism: the mark and even the pose of the educated mind.
John Dewey - We only think when we are confronted with problems.
John Dewey - Every great advance in science has issued from a new audacity of imagination.
John Dewey - To me faith means not worrying.
John Donne - Nature's great masterpiece, an elephant; the only harmless great thing.
John Donne - No man is an island, entire of itself; every man is a piece of the continent.
John Donne - No spring nor summer beauty hath such grace as I have seen in one autumnal face.
John Donne - Be thine own palace, or the world's thy jail.
John Donne - Love, all alike, no season knows, nor clime, nor hours, days, months, which are the rags of time.
John Donne - Love built on beauty, soon as beauty, dies.
John Donne - When one man dies, one chapter is not torn out of the book, but translated into a better language.
John Donne - Humiliation is the beginning of sanctification.
John Donne - More than kisses, letters mingle souls.
John Donne - For God's sake hold your tongue, and let me love.
John Dryden - We first make our habits, and then our habits make us.
John Dryden - He who would search for pearls must dive below.
John Dryden - When I consider life, it is all a cheat. Yet fooled with hope, people favor this deceit.
John Dryden - Boldness is a mask for fear, however great.
John Dryden - Beware the fury of a patient man.
John Dryden - For they conquer who believe they can.
John Dryden - Words are but pictures of our thoughts.
John Dryden - Love is love's reward.
John Dryden - Shame on the body for breaking down while the spirit perseveres.
John Dryden - Only man clogs his happiness with care, destroying what is with thoughts of what may be.
John Glenn - As far as trying to analyze all the attention I received, I will leave that to others.
John Glenn - It's something to see a satellite being launched from another satellite.
John Glenn - I don't know what you could say about a day in which you have seen four beautiful sunsets.
John Glenn - I've seen John Wayne's 'True Grit' about 10 times.
John Glenn - Fear connotes something that interferes with what you're doing.
John Glenn - The best space movie in my view is 'Apollo 13.' That's just the way it happened.
John Glenn - In the old days, the Soviets were using space as a selling point for communism.
John Glenn - I wouldn't oppose a women's astronaut training program; I just see no requirement for it.
John Glenn - The political graveyards are full of people who don't respond.
John Glenn - Any administration foolish enough to call ketchup a vegetable cannot be expected to cut the mustard.
John Hughes - What a director should be doing is making it appear as though there was no script.
John Hughes - Why watch someone kissing when people really close their eyes when they kiss?
John Hughes - I don't think of kids as a lower form of the human species.
John Hughes - The only reason I got into movies was because I had no music talent.
John Hughes - A nerd will be a nerd all his life.
John Hughes - I don't want to be too cool. You get so caught up with whether you're doing it right.
John Hughes - I didn't have this tortured childhood; I liked it.
John Hughes - If I'm on a roll, and I finish a script at 3:00, I'll start another at 3:02.
John Hughes - I'd rather make music if I had the talent.
John Hughes - I don't think I'm making any great statements, and I certainly don't think I'm making art.
John Keats - I love you the more in that I believe you had liked me for my own sake and for nothing else.
John Keats - A thing of beauty is a joy forever: its loveliness increases; it will never pass into nothingness.
John Keats - The poetry of the earth is never dead.
John Keats - Heard melodies are sweet, but those unheard are sweeter.
John Keats - Now a soft kiss - Aye, by that kiss, I vow an endless bliss.
John Keats - Scenery is fine - but human nature is finer.
John Keats - Love is my religion - I could die for it.
John Keats - 'Beauty is truth, truth beauty,' - that is all ye know on earth, and all ye need to know.
John Keats - Land and sea, weakness and decline are great separators, but death is the great divorcer for ever.
John Keats - You are always new, the last of your kisses was ever the sweetest.
John Kenneth Galbraith - Under capitalism, man exploits man. Under communism, it's just the opposite.
John Kenneth Galbraith - Economics is extremely useful as a form of employment for economists.
John Kenneth Galbraith - Politics is the art of choosing between the disastrous and the unpalatable.
John Kenneth Galbraith - The only function of economic forecasting is to make astrology look respectable.
John Kenneth Galbraith - Wealth, in even the most improbable cases, manages to convey the aspect of intelligence.
John Kenneth Galbraith - All successful revolutions are the kicking in of a rotten door.
John Kenneth Galbraith - We all agree that pessimism is a mark of superior intellect.
John Kenneth Galbraith - In the United States, though power corrupts, the expectation of power paralyzes.
John Kenneth Galbraith - A person buying ordinary products in a supermarket is in touch with his deepest emotions.
John Kenneth Galbraith - More die in the United States of too much food than of too little.
John Lasseter - The art challenges the technology, and the technology inspires the art.
John Lasseter - When you're a director, you really live whatever you do.
John Lasseter - You cannot base a whole movie on just the imagery alone. It has to be the story and the characters.
John Lasseter - What I love about Goofy is the flesh on his cheeks. You can almost feel it.
John Lasseter - Art challenges technology, but technology inspires the art.
John Lasseter - Toys are put on this Earth to be played with by a child.
John Lasseter - True play is creativity.
John Lasseter - Short films really helped me develop as a story teller, animator, and as a director.
John Lasseter - 'Cars' is simply near and dear to my heart.
John Lasseter - Pixar is not about computers, it's about people.
John Legend - I played classical as a kid.
John Legend - Soul is about authenticity. Soul is about finding the things in your life that are real and pure.
John Legend - I was always the front man for what I was doing from when I was 6.
John Legend - I think writers are prone to hyperbole sometimes.
John Legend - Experience is a great teacher.
John Legend - The best training is to play by ear: trial by fire.
John Legend - As a nation - and as a world - we need more truth.
John Legend - There's a certain confidence that comes with being sure about the way the world works.
John Legend - Well, I like songs that have like a little bit of quirkiness to them.
John Legend - I love to make fried chicken.
John Lennon - Love is the answer, and you know that for sure; Love is a flower, you've got to let it grow.
John Lennon - Yeah we all shine on, like the moon, and the stars, and the sun.
John Lennon - Love is the flower you've got to let grow.
John Lennon - Life is what happens while you are busy making other plans.
John Lennon - The more I see the less I know for sure.
John Lennon - Part of me suspects that I'm a loser, and the other part of me thinks I'm God Almighty.
John Lennon - As usual, there is a great woman behind every idiot.
John Lennon - All you need is love.
John Lennon - There's nothing you can know that isn't known.
John Lennon - If you tried to give rock and roll another name, you might call it 'Chuck Berry'.
John Lewis - Never give up. Never give in. Never become hostile... Hate is too big a burden to bear.
John Lewis - Who gets the bird, the hunter or the dog?
John Lewis - My mother and father and many of my relatives had been sharecroppers.
John Lewis - The government, both state and federal, has a duty to be reasonable and accommodating.
John Lewis - You must be bold, brave, and courageous and find a way... to get in the way.
John Lewis - I'm very hopeful. I am very optimistic about the future.
John Lewis - I really believe that all of us, as Americans... we all need to be treated like fellow human beings.
John Lewis - We must continue to go forward as one people, as brothers and sisters.
John Lewis - There's nothing wrong with a little agitation for what's right or what's fair.
John Lewis - Reading the Martin Luther King story, that little comic book, set me on the path that I'm on today.
John Locke - Education begins the gentleman, but reading, good company and reflection must finish him.
John Locke - Every man has a property in his own person. This nobody has a right to, but himself.
John Locke - The reason why men enter into society is the preservation of their property.
John Locke - I have always thought the actions of men the best interpreters of their thoughts.
John Locke - All wealth is the product of labor.
John Locke - Fortitude is the guard and support of the other virtues.
John Locke - Where there is no property there is no injustice.
John Locke - Reverie is when ideas float in our mind without reflection or regard of the understanding.
John Locke - Parents wonder why the streams are bitter, when they themselves have poisoned the fountain.
John Locke - The dread of evil is a much more forcible principle of human actions than the prospect of good.
John Lydon - I like crazy people, especially those who don't see the risk.
John Lydon - Remaining childish is a tremendous state of innocence.
John Lydon - Live music is healthy.
John Lydon - Sometimes the most positive thing you can be in a boring society is absolutely negative.
John Lydon - I never thought of Green Day as a punk band. Just bubblegum, really.
John Lydon - I always find the mirror in the dressing room is where the best artists are.
John Lydon - I mean, the genuine roots of culture is folk music.
John Lydon - You'd have to be daft as a brush to say you didn't like Pink Floyd.
John Lydon - Love is 2 minutes and 52 seconds of squelching noises.
John Lydon - You'll find that empty vessels make the most sound.
John Madden - Self-praise is for losers. Be a winner. Stand for something. Always have class, and be humble.
John Madden - Don't worry about the horse being blind, just load the wagon.
John Madden - When your arm gets hit, the ball is not going to go where you want it to.
John Madden - The only yardstick for success our society has is being a champion. No one remembers anything else.
John Madden - I've never eaten just a few bites of things I liked in my life.
John Madden - The fewer rules a coach has, the fewer rules there are for players to break.
John Madden - If you see a defense team with dirt and mud on their backs they've had a bad day.
John Madden - The road to Easy Street goes through the sewer.
John Madden - I think comparisons are odious.
John Madden - That's the biggest gap in sports, the difference between the winner and the loser of the Super Bowl.
John Malkovich - I like design, I like details, to me it is just another form of self-expression.
John Malkovich - Failure's a natural part of life.
John Malkovich - In New York in the Forties or Fifties, everybody's in a suit, an overcoat and a hat.
John Malkovich - I don't lose my temper very often now, and if I do, it's well deserved.
John Malkovich - I always wanted to be fashionable.
John Malkovich - I am inspired by the appearance of a bohemian of the new millennium.
John Malkovich - Theater is so ephemeral, and I love that.
John Malkovich - I haven't physically attacked anyone in a couple of years.
John Malkovich - I don't care what other people think. I don't think it matters.
John Malkovich - If you don't interfere with me, I'll always do something really good.
John Mayer - They say stay in the lines, but there's always something better on the other side.
John Mayer - I've never done anything because I thought it would look cool.
John Mayer - Sometimes it feels like my life is just one long day.
John Mayer - I'd like to think the best of me was still hiding up in my sleeve.
John Mayer - I don't have anybody telling me what to do.
John Mayer - I may have taken someone through the wringer psychologically, but I've never been sinister.
John Mayer - Trying to impress my mother with words was one of my favourite pursuits.
John Mayer - I feel my shows are like a late-night talk show that we settle down and do every night.
John Mayer - I lost my head for a little while.
John Mayer - I'm trying everything I can not to be jaded 'cause I don't like jaded musicians.
John Maynard Keynes - Ideas shape the course of history.
John Maynard Keynes - The difficulty lies not so much in developing new ideas as in escaping from old ones.
John Maynard Keynes - Long run is a misleading guide to current affairs. In the long run we are all dead.
John Maynard Keynes - The avoidance of taxes is the only intellectual pursuit that still carries any reward.
John Maynard Keynes - Education: the inculcation of the incomprehensible into the indifferent by the incompetent.
John Maynard Keynes - Most men love money and security more, and creation and construction less, as they get older.
John Maynard Keynes - Words ought to be a little wild, for they are the assaults of thoughts on the unthinking.
John Maynard Keynes - In the long run we are all dead.
John Maynard Keynes - Successful investing is anticipating the anticipations of others.
John Maynard Keynes - The importance of money flows from it being a link between the present and the future.
John McAfee - I am just a thorn in everybody's side.
John McAfee - Our mobile phones have become the greatest spy on the planet.
John McAfee - I have dual citizenship; I would be happy to go to England. I would be very happy to go to America.
John McAfee - Any idiot can make money. Keeping money, very few can do.
John McAfee - I would describe myself as quite sane and lucid, which is why I'm still alive.
John McAfee - It's very hard to keep an uncrackable encryption if you share it with the government.
John McAfee - The ones who are crazy enough to think that they can change the world are the ones who do.
John McAfee - Steve Jobs would have wanted his words to change not just technology but politics itself.
John McAfee - As the economy goes south, petty theft begins. And then grand theft. And then muggings.
John McAfee - We as Americans have ripped off the world. We get to throw food away. It's insane.
John McEnroe - Everybody loves success, but they hate successful people.
John McEnroe - The only thing 'championship' about Wimbledon is its prestige.
John McEnroe - I think it's the mark of a great player to be confident in tough situations.
John McEnroe - I believe there's only one autobiography you can do.
John McEnroe - I'll let the racket do the talking.
John McEnroe - Do you have any problems, other than that you're unemployed, a moron, and a dork?
John McEnroe - This taught me a lesson, but I'm not quite sure what it is.
John McEnroe - The older I get, the better I used to be.
John McEnroe - Believe it or not, I was a pretty shy youngster growing up.
John McEnroe - There's a certain beauty and majesty to Wimbledon. The elegance, the way the grass looks on TV.
John Milton - The mind is its own place and in itself, can make a Heaven of Hell, a Hell of Heaven.
John Milton - Deep-versed in books and shallow in himself.
John Milton - Nothing profits more than self-esteem, grounded on what is just and right.
John Milton - To be blind is not miserable; not to be able to bear blindness, that is miserable.
John Milton - Who overcomes by force, hath overcome but half his foe.
John Milton - True it is that covetousness is rich, modesty starves.
John Milton - They also serve who only stand and wait.
John Milton - Truth never comes into the world but like a bastard, to the ignominy of him that brought her birth.
John Milton - Let not England forget her precedence of teaching nations how to live.
John Milton - For what can war, but endless war, still breed?
John Oliver - It's pretty physically unsettling, living life on a visa.
John Oliver - I think puns are not just the lowest form of wit, but the lowest form of human behavior.
John Oliver - The disconnect between America and its military is shocking.
John Oliver - I wanted to be a soccer player. I knew that couldn't happen.
John Oliver - I can't relax. I find vacations problematic.
John Oliver - People in Britain see Richard Quest as a kind of an offensive cartoon character.
John Oliver - I find it hard in my general life to think further than the week ahead.
John Oliver - Stand-up, for me, is really more of an addiction, so you have to feed the beast whenever you can.
John Oliver - You just try to be true to your idea of what is funny and what is also interesting.
John Oliver - It's a great time to be doing political satire when the world is on a knife edge.
John Piper - God tests His people through hardship.
John Piper - The essence of faith is being satisfied with all that God is for us in Jesus.
John Piper - You don't give God authority over your life. He has it, totally.
John Piper - Redemption is not perfection. The redeemed must realize their imperfections.
John Piper - God wills to be displayed and known and loved and cherished and worshiped.
John Piper - God is most glorified in us when we are most satisfied in Him.
John Piper - The most dangerous thing in the world is the sin of self-reliance and the stupor of worldliness.
John Piper - One way to appreciate C.S. Lewis is to see how his Christian humility shaped his life and work.
John Piper - Blind people don't decide to see. Jesus says, 'See!' and they see.
John Piper - Supernatural does not mean methodological stupidity.
John Ruskin - Mountains are the beginning and the end of all natural scenery.
John Ruskin - Quality is never an accident. It is always the result of intelligent effort.
John Ruskin - A little thought and a little kindness are often worth more than a great deal of money.
John Ruskin - The purest and most thoughtful minds are those which love colour the most.
John Ruskin - There is no such thing as bad weather, only different kinds of good weather.
John Ruskin - Let every dawn be to you as the beginning of life, and every setting sun be to you as its close.
John Ruskin - Endurance is nobler than strength, and patience than beauty.
John Ruskin - I believe the first test of a truly great man is in his humility.
John Ruskin - Give a little love to a child, and you get a great deal back.
John Ruskin - Skill is the unified force of experience, intellect and passion in their operation.
John Shelby Spong - I am a child of the 21st century.
John Shelby Spong - I want the traditional family upheld, but I don't want it upheld to the detriment of other people.
John Shelby Spong - It appears to be in the nature of religion itself to be prejudiced against those who are different.
John Shelby Spong - Mother Nature is not sweet.
John Shelby Spong - I think that anything that begins to give people a sense of their own worth and dignity is God.
John Shelby Spong - I learned early in life that you get places by having the right enemies.
John Shelby Spong - I experience God as the power of love.
John Shelby Spong - I can only give away the love that I have received.
John Shelby Spong - Inequality for gay and lesbian people is no longer a debatable issue in either church or state.
John Shelby Spong - The way you become divine is to become wholly human.
John Steinbeck - One can find so many pains when the rain is falling.
John Steinbeck - Power does not corrupt. Fear corrupts... perhaps the fear of a loss of power.
John Steinbeck - We spend our time searching for security and hate it when we get it.
John Steinbeck - The discipline of the written word punishes both stupidity and dishonesty.
John Steinbeck - I hate cameras. They are so much more sure than I am about everything.
John Steinbeck - Man is the only kind of varmint sets his own trap, baits it, then steps in it.
John Steinbeck - I've lived in good climate, and it bores the hell out of me. I like weather rather than climate.
John Steinbeck - Unless a reviewer has the courage to give you unqualified praise, I say ignore the bastard.
John Steinbeck - A journey is like marriage. The certain way to be wrong is to think you control it.
John Steinbeck - A sad soul can kill quicker than a germ.
John Stuart Mill - All good things which exist are the fruits of originality.
John Stuart Mill - He who knows only his own side of the case knows little of that.
John Stuart Mill - Men might as well be imprisoned, as excluded from the means of earning their bread.
John Stuart Mill - Conservatives are not necessarily stupid, but most stupid people are conservatives.
John Stuart Mill - The disease which inflicts bureaucracy and what they usually die from is routine.
John Stuart Mill - Originality is the one thing which unoriginal minds cannot feel the use of.
John Stuart Mill - Pleasure and freedom from pain, are the only things desirable as ends.
John Stuart Mill - One person with a belief is equal to ninety-nine who have only interests.
John Stuart Mill - I am not aware that any community has a right to force another to be civilized.
John Stuart Mill - The despotism of custom is everywhere the standing hindrance to human advancement.
John Updike - Rain is grace; rain is the sky descending to the earth; without rain, there would be no life.
John Updike - The essential self is innocent, and when it tastes its own innocence knows that it lives for ever.
John Updike - Americans have been conditioned to respect newness, whatever it costs them.
John Updike - Any activity becomes creative when the doer cares about doing it right or better.
John Updike - Inspiration arrives as a packet of material to be delivered.
John Updike - Art is like baby shoes. When you coat them with gold, they can no longer be worn.
John Updike - We are most alive when we're in love.
John Updike - Being naked approaches being revolutionary; going barefoot is mere populism.
John Updike - Every marriage tends to consist of an aristocrat and a peasant. Of a teacher and a learner.
John Updike - The first breath of adultery is the freest; after it, constraints aping marriage develop.
John W. Gardner - Excellence is doing ordinary things extraordinarily well.
John W. Gardner - True happiness involves the full use of one's power and talents.
John W. Gardner - History never looks like history when you are living through it.
John W. Gardner - Some people have greatness thrust upon them. Very few have excellence thrust upon them.
John W. Gardner - We are all faced with a series of great opportunities - brilliantly disguised as insoluble problems.
John W. Gardner - Some people strengthen the society just by being the kind of people they are.
John W. Gardner - Life is the art of drawing without an eraser.
John W. Gardner - Whoever I am, or whatever I am doing, some kind of excellence is within my reach.
John W. Gardner - For every talent that poverty has stimulated it has blighted a hundred.
John W. Gardner - All laws are an attempt to domesticate the natural ferocity of the species.
John Wayne - Courage is being scared to death... and saddling up anyway.
John Wayne - If everything isn't black and white, I say, 'Why the hell not?'
John Wayne - Talk low, talk slow and don't say too much.
John Wayne - Tomorrow hopes we have learned something from yesterday.
John Wayne - In westerns, you meet a hardy bunch of characters. There is no jealousy on such pictures.
John Wayne - All I'm for is the liberty of the individual.
John Wayne - I've loved reading all my life.
John Wayne - Nobody should come to the movies unless he believes in heroes.
John Wayne - Get off your horse and drink your milk.
John Wayne - My folks always let me go to the movies every Saturday. We were really motion-picture goers.
Johnnie Cochran - Money will determine whether the accused goes to prison or walks out of the courtroom a free man.
Johnnie Cochran - I'm a big believer in the fact that life is about preparation, preparation, preparation.
Johnnie Cochran - If it doesn't fit, you must acquit.
Johnnie Cochran - If it doen't make sense, you should find for the defense.
Johnnie Cochran - I decided I wanted to be a lawyer when I was 11 years of age.
Johnnie Cochran - Black jurors sit on juries every day and convict black people every day.
Johnnie Cochran - Since the Puffy Combs case in New York, I will not try any more criminal cases.
Johnnie Cochran - We've got to be judged by how we do in times of crisis.
Johnnie Cochran - Jurors want courtroom lawyers to have some compassion and be nice.
Johnnie Cochran - An opening statement is like a guide or a road map. It's a very delicate thing.
Johnny Depp - I think the thing to do is enjoy the ride while you're on it.
Johnny Depp - Escapism is survival to me.
Johnny Depp - Am I a romantic? I've seen 'Wuthering Heights' ten times. I'm a romantic.
Johnny Depp - At my very core, I'm pretty shy. I just happen to have a weird job.
Johnny Depp - I don't pretend to be captain weird. I just do what I do.
Johnny Depp - There's a drive in me that won't allow me to do certain things that are easy.
Johnny Depp - Everything is just very, very blurry. I've never had proper vision.
Johnny Depp - I'm not sure I'm adult yet.
Johnny Depp - Trips to the dentist - I like to postpone that kind of thing.
Johnny Depp - Tomorrow it'll all be over, then I'll have to go back to selling pens again.
Johnny Weir - I grew my beard out a little bit just to show that, indeed, I am a man.
Johnny Weir - Nobody gets lucky all the time. Nobody can win all the time. Nobody's a robot. Nobody's perfect.
Johnny Weir - I will be 60 or 70 years old still rocking my Chanel blazer with my hair all coiffed.
Johnny Weir - Anytime you get men in glitter, it's a flamboyant occasion!
Johnny Weir - I'm an ice skater. I'm all about the glitter.
Johnny Weir - I don't want to spend my life on an ice cube.
Johnny Weir - I don't eat as much as an athlete should. I just don't like it.
Johnny Weir - You only live once. Life is a show.
Johnny Weir - I have a whole fur closet. I'm not afraid of PETA.
Johnny Weir - I'm a huge fur fan; it's no secret to anyone anymore.
Jon Bon Jovi - There's a vintage which comes with age and experience.
Jon Bon Jovi - Success is falling nine times and getting up ten.
Jon Bon Jovi - You know these love letters mix with whisky, just don't light a match when you kiss me.
Jon Bon Jovi - I'd crawl over broken glass for Elle MacPherson or Cindy Crawford.
Jon Bon Jovi - Don't waste your time away thinkin' 'bout yesterday's blues.
Jon Bon Jovi - Nothing is as important as passion. No matter what you want to do with your life, be passionate.
Jon Bon Jovi - I always think I'm the Tom Cruise of music - a lot of success and fans, but no critics, darling.
Jon Bon Jovi - We've been gone five years and the best they could come up with was boy bands?
Jon Bon Jovi - If people have to tell you how successful they are, they really aren't that successful.
Jon Bon Jovi - I don't work well outside the lines; my report card once read, 'doesn't play well with others.'
Jonathan Ive - The best ideas start as conversations.
Jonathan Ive - If you are truly innovating, you don't have a prototype you can refer to.
Jonathan Ive - There is beauty when something works and it works intuitively.
Jonathan Ive - 'Design' is a word that's come to mean so much that it's also a word that has come to mean nothing.
Jonathan Ive - Designing and developing anything of consequence is incredibly challenging.
Jonathan Ive - If something is not good enough, stop doing it.
Jonathan Ive - There's no learning without trying lots of ideas and failing lots of times.
Jonathan Ive - I am keenly aware that I benefit from a wonderful tradition in the UK of designing and making.
Jonathan Ive - I discovered at an early age that all I've ever wanted to do is design.
Jonathan Ive - When something exceeds your ability to understand how it works, it sort of becomes magical.
Jonathan Sacks - No great achiever - even those who made it seem easy - ever succeeded without hard work.
Jonathan Sacks - Find people not to envy but to admire. Do not the profitable but the admirable deed. Live by ideals.
Jonathan Sacks - Cyberspace can't compensate for real space. We benefit from chatting to people face to face.
Jonathan Sacks - The market economy is very good at wealth creation but not perfect at all about wealth distribution.
Jonathan Sacks - Parenthood involves massive sacrifice: money, attention, time and emotional energy.
Jonathan Sacks - We need to rediscover the idea of the common good and work together to build a home.
Jonathan Sacks - To defend a country you need an army, but to defend a civilization you need education.
Jonathan Sacks - The Holocaust survivors are among the most inspiring people I have had the privilege to meet.
Jonathan Sacks - The meaning of the universe lies outside the universe.
Jonathan Sacks - The people of Israel are entitled, as is any other nation, to live in peace and safety.
Jonathan Swift - Vision is the art of seeing what is invisible to others.
Jonathan Swift - May you live all the days of your life.
Jonathan Swift - Power is no blessing in itself, except when it is used to protect the innocent.
Jonathan Swift - Satire is a sort of glass, wherein beholders do generally discover everybody's face but their own.
Jonathan Swift - We have enough religion to make us hate, but not enough to make us love one another.
Jonathan Swift - Better belly burst than good liquor be lost.
Jonathan Swift - Words are but wind; and learning is nothing but words; ergo, learning is nothing but wind.
Jonathan Swift - Vanity is a mark of humility rather than of pride.
Jonathan Swift - The best doctors in the world are Doctor Diet, Doctor Quiet, and Doctor Merryman.
Jonathan Swift - The proper words in the proper places are the true definition of style.
Joni Mitchell - I see music as fluid architecture.
Joni Mitchell - I learned a woman is never an old woman.
Joni Mitchell - There are things to confess that enrich the world, and things that need not be said.
Joni Mitchell - The God of the Old Testament is the depiction of evil.
Joni Mitchell - My heart is broken in the face of the stupidity of my species.
Joni Mitchell - My goal as a writer is more to comfort than to disturb.
Joni Mitchell - I've got 50 different tunings in the guitar.
Joni Mitchell - Sorrow is so easy to express and yet so hard to tell.
Joni Mitchell - No one likes to have less than they had before. That's the nature of the human animal.
Joni Mitchell - Not to dismiss Gershwin, but Gershwin is the chip; Ellington was the block.
Jorge Luis Borges - I have always imagined that Paradise will be a kind of library.
Jorge Luis Borges - Life itself is a quotation.
Jorge Luis Borges - The original is unfaithful to the translation.
Jorge Luis Borges - My undertaking is not difficult, essentially. I should only have to be immortal to carry it out.
Jorge Luis Borges - Democracy is an abuse of statistics.
Jorge Luis Borges - To fall in love is to create a religion that has a fallible god.
Jorge Luis Borges - Reality is not always probable, or likely.
Jorge Luis Borges - To die for a religion is easier than to live it absolutely.
Jorge Luis Borges - I have known uncertainty: a state unknown to the Greeks.
Jorge Luis Borges - The Falklands thing was a fight between two bald men over a comb.
Jose Marti - A genuine man goes to the roots. To be a radical is no more than that: to go to the roots.
Jose Marti - One just principle from the depths of a cave is more powerful than an army.
Jose Marti - To use for our exclusive benefit what is not ours is theft.
Jose Marti - A selfish man is a thief.
Jose Marti - Liberty is the right of every man to be honest, to think and to speak without hypocrisy.
Jose Marti - Perhaps the enemies of liberty are such only because they judge it by its loud voice.
Jose Marti - It is terrible to speak of you, Liberty, for one who lives without you.
Jose Marti - He who uses the office he owes to the voters wrongfully and against them is a thief.
Jose Marti - Peoples are made of hate and of love, and more of hate than love.
Jose Marti - We light the oven so that everyone may bake bread in it.
Jose Mourinho - Football is a game about feelings and intelligence.
Jose Mourinho - When I go to the press conference before the game, in my mind the game has already started.
Jose Mourinho - The only thing that we cannot control is our supporters.
Jose Mourinho - Look at the way teams play against Arsenal. They don't believe they can win. They don't believe.
Jose Mourinho - Everybody can be smart.
Jose Mourinho - I am Jose Mourinho and I don't change. I arrive with all my qualities and my defects.
Jose Mourinho - Unhappy is a nice word.
Jose Mourinho - You have to win and especially, as I have, you have to win a trophy for the first time.
Jose Mourinho - So I know all about the ups and downs of football, I know that one day I will be sacked.
Jose Mourinho - The only thing I would like is to have more control of the game in terms of possession.
Joseph Addison - Sunday clears away the rust of the whole week.
Joseph Addison - Reading is to the mind what exercise is to the body.
Joseph Addison - A contented mind is the greatest blessing a man can enjoy in this world.
Joseph Addison - Reading is a basic tool in the living of a good life.
Joseph Addison - Cheerfulness is the best promoter of health and is as friendly to the mind as to the body.
Joseph Addison - Modesty is not only an ornament, but also a guard to virtue.
Joseph Addison - Their is no defense against criticism except obscurity.
Joseph Addison - There is nothing which we receive with so much reluctance as advice.
Joseph Addison - Jesters do often prove prophets.
Joseph Addison - A woman seldom asks advice before she has bought her wedding clothes.
Joseph B. Wirthlin - Some memories are unforgettable, remaining ever vivid and heartwarming!
Joseph B. Wirthlin - As with the butterfly, adversity is necessary to build character in people.
Joseph B. Wirthlin - You can find peace amidst the storms that threaten you.
Joseph B. Wirthlin - True love lasts forever.
Joseph B. Wirthlin - The Lord Jesus Christ is our partner, helper and advocate.
Joseph B. Wirthlin - Honesty is of God and dishonesty of the devil; the devil was a liar from the beginning.
Joseph B. Wirthlin - Patience with family members and others who are close to us is vital for us to have happy homes.
Joseph B. Wirthlin - Lucifer is a master at gradual deception.
Joseph B. Wirthlin - Perseverance is a positive, active characteristic.
Joseph B. Wirthlin - Desire, burning desire, is basic to achieving anything beyond the ordinary.
Joseph Brodsky - Venice is eternity itself.
Joseph Brodsky - How delightful to find a friend in everyone.
Joseph Brodsky - Who included me among the ranks of the human race?
Joseph Brodsky - Man is what he reads.
Joseph Brodsky - A language is a more ancient and inevitable thing than any state.
Joseph Brodsky - Life - the way it really is - is a battle not between Bad and Good but between Bad and Worse.
Joseph Brodsky - Cherish your human connections: your relationships with friends and family.
Joseph Brodsky - It is well to read everything of something, and something of everything.
Joseph Brodsky - What I like about cities is that everything is king size, the beauty and the ugliness.
Joseph Brodsky - For a writer only one form of patriotism exists: his attitude toward language.
Joseph Conrad - There is nothing more enticing, disenchanting, and enslaving than the life at sea.
Joseph Conrad - The sea has never been friendly to man. At most it has been the accomplice of human restlessness.
Joseph Conrad - Being a woman is a terribly difficult task, since it consists principally in dealing with men.
Joseph Conrad - Going home must be like going to render an account.
Joseph Conrad - Words, as is well known, are the great foes of reality.
Joseph Conrad - Facing it, always facing it, that's the way to get through. Face it.
Joseph Conrad - A caricature is putting the face of a joke on the body of a truth.
Joseph Conrad - Gossip is what no one claims to like, but everybody enjoys.
Joseph Conrad - Perhaps life is just that... a dream and a fear.
Joseph Conrad - All ambitions are lawful except those which climb upward on the miseries or credulities of mankind.
Joseph Joubert - The aim of argument, or of discussion, should not be victory, but progress.
Joseph Joubert - A part of kindness consists in loving people more than they deserve.
Joseph Joubert - It is better to debate a question without settling it than to settle a question without debating it.
Joseph Joubert - The best remedy for a short temper is a long walk.
Joseph Joubert - Innocence is always unsuspicious.
Joseph Joubert - Kindness is loving people more than they deserve.
Joseph Joubert - Love and fear. Everything the father of a family says must inspire one or the other.
Joseph Joubert - Those who never retract their opinions love themselves more than they love the truth.
Joseph Joubert - Imagination is the eye of the soul.
Joseph Joubert - Misery is almost always the result of thinking.
Joseph Prince - One day in God's grace is equivalent to a thousand days of striving by your own efforts.
Joseph Prince - The law condemns the best of us; but grace saves the worst of us.
Joseph Prince - Sin does not stop God's grace from flowing, but God's grace will stop sin.
Joseph Prince - A lot of things we don't have to have, but they're enjoyable.
Joseph Prince - Listen with grace, with no judgment, without imposing the law.
Joseph Prince - Only the holy spirit, the spirit of the lord, can transform us.
Joseph Prince - You cannot mock God because whatever good thing you do, you're gonna reap for it.
Joseph Prince - Knowing that you are completely forgiven destroys the power of sin in your life.
Joseph Prince - Isn't it interesting that God appears holy when he's gracious?
Joseph Prince - Laughter is God's blessing.
Joseph Stalin - Death is the solution to all problems. No man - no problem.
Joseph Stalin - Education is a weapon whose effects depend on who holds it in his hands and at whom it is aimed.
Joseph Stalin - The people who cast the votes don't decide an election, the people who count the votes do.
Joseph Stalin - In the Soviet army it takes more courage to retreat than advance.
Joseph Stalin - You cannot make a revolution with silk gloves.
Joseph Stalin - A sincere diplomat is like dry water or wooden iron.
Joseph Stalin - The only real power comes out of a long rifle.
Joseph Stalin - Everyone imposes his own system as far as his army can reach.
Joseph Stalin - When we hang the capitalists they will sell us the rope we use.
Joseph Stalin - One death is a tragedy; one million is a statistic.
Josh Billings - Life consists not in holding good cards but in playing those you hold well.
Josh Billings - A dog is the only thing on earth that loves you more than you love yourself.
Josh Billings - Silence is one of the hardest arguments to refute.
Josh Billings - There are lots of people who mistake their imagination for their memory.
Josh Billings - There are some people so addicted to exaggeration that they can't tell the truth without lying.
Josh Billings - There is no revenge so complete as forgiveness.
Josh Billings - Genius ain't anything more than elegant common sense.
Josh Billings - There is no greater evidence of superior intelligence than to be surprised at nothing.
Josh Billings - A good way I know to find happiness, is to not bore a hole to fit the plug.
Josh Billings - A puppy plays with every pup he meets, but an old dog has few associates.
Josh Homme - If you wanna be famous, then it's okay if the music is fake, because fame isn't real.
Josh Homme - Making people uncomfortable is one of my hobbies.
Josh Homme - I like to move forward and notice things along the roadside that indicate where I should go.
Josh Homme - Music is the only thing I've ever known that doesn't have any rules at all.
Josh Homme - Guitar solos, to me, should be a really articulate way to make fun of guitar solos.
Josh Homme - I know there are some labels that put out music for art's sake, but I don't know which ones.
Josh Homme - I think part of what happens is that small labels want to get bigger. And bigger is not better.
Josh Homme - So the thing is to put out music for music's sake.
Josh Homme - I like to keep my feet on the sidewalk.
Josh Homme - You got to risk something to be able to give something, you know?
Joss Whedon - Absolutely eat dessert first. The thing that you want to do the most, do that.
Joss Whedon - Equality is like gravity. We need it to stand on this earth as men and women.
Joss Whedon - Who is to say who is the villain and who is the hero? Probably the dictionary.
Joss Whedon - Remember to always be yourself.
Joss Whedon - Every vampire fiction reinvents vampires to its own needs. You take what you want.
Joss Whedon - When you're making a film, you have an obligation to fill the frame with life.
Joss Whedon - Those of us who write spend our entire lives in an endless English class.
Joss Whedon - I'm a very hard-line, angry atheist. Yet I am fascinated by the concept of devotion.
Joss Whedon - Horror movies don't exist unless you go and see them, and people always will.
Joss Whedon - Remember to always be yourself. Unless you suck.
Joyce Brothers - A strong, positive self-image is the best possible preparation for success.
Joyce Brothers - The best proof of love is trust.
Joyce Brothers - Trust your hunches. They're usually based on facts filed away just below the conscious level.
Joyce Brothers - Marriage is not just spiritual communion, it is also remembering to take out the trash.
Joyce Brothers - Marriages, like careers, need constant nurturing... the secret of having it all is loving it all.
Joyce Brothers - The world at large does not judge us by who we are and what we know; it judges us by what we have.
Joyce Brothers - No matter how love-sick a woman is, she shouldn't take the first pill that comes along.
Joyce Brothers - Success is a state of mind. If you want success, start thinking of yourself as a success.
Joyce Brothers - For men to be virgins, we think it's negative. We think that there's something wrong with them.
Joyce Brothers - Listening, not imitation, may be the sincerest form of flattery.
Joyce Carol Oates - In love there are two things - bodies and words.
Joyce Carol Oates - Night comes to the desert all at once, as if someone turned off the light.
Joyce Carol Oates - My role models were childless: Virginia Woolf, Jane Austen, George Eliot, the Brontes.
Joyce Carol Oates - Dust jackets are always something of an enigma to me.
Joyce Carol Oates - I consider tragedy the highest form of art.
Joyce Carol Oates - A good, sympathetic review is always a wonderful surprise.
Joyce Carol Oates - Obviously the imagination is fueled by emotions beyond the control of the conscious mind.
Joyce Carol Oates - I probably spend 90% of my time revising what I've written.
Joyce Carol Oates - Boxing has become America's tragic theater.
Joyce Carol Oates - Love commingled with hate is more powerful than love. Or hate.
Joyce Meyer - Patience is not simply the ability to wait - it's how we behave while we're waiting.
Joyce Meyer - I believe that the greatest gift you can give your family and the world is a healthy you.
Joyce Meyer - I may not be where I want to be, but thank God I am not where I used to be.
Joyce Meyer - God's mercy is fresh and new every morning.
Joyce Meyer - You cannot have a positive life and a negative mind.
Joyce Meyer - There's no happier person than a truly thankful, content person.
Joyce Meyer - Teachers can change lives with just the right mix of chalk and challenges.
Joyce Meyer - Integrity means that you are the same in public as you are in private.
Joyce Meyer - A #2 pencil and a dream can take you anywhere.
Joyce Meyer - Don't just let the devil use your mind as a garbage dump.
Judah Friedlander - Valentine's Day is definitely one of those days where it's either awesome or it's a downer.
Judah Friedlander - I don't consider lacrosse a sport. To me that's just a frat activity that got out of hand.
Judah Friedlander - I'm actually banned from the Himalayas, because I'm too good at yoga.
Judah Friedlander - I never wanted to be famous.
Judah Friedlander - I never got into things to be famous. Sometimes it's fun, sometimes it's annoying.
Judah Friedlander - In Manhattan, I often do two or three or more shows a night, so I'm always working on new material.
Judah Friedlander - I never really planned on doing a television series.
Judah Friedlander - I'm an extra dark black belt in ping pong.
Judah Friedlander - My act's not heavy on pop culture or stories, just lots of jokes.
Judah Friedlander - Stand-up is kind of like my home base, and doing stand-up in New York is what I like doing most.
Judy Blume - We're supposed to be uncomfortable when we read something. That's how we learn.
Judy Blume - Life goes on if you're one of the lucky ones.
Judy Blume - I'm an e-mail junkie though I'm trying to read my in-box only twice a day and to answer all at once.
Judy Blume - A good writer is always a people watcher.
Judy Blume - I think people who write for kids, we have that ability to go back into our own lives.
Judy Blume - I wanted to write what I remembered to be true.
Judy Blume - It's not just the books under fire now that worry me. It is the books that will never be written.
Judy Blume - I love to watch movies.
Judy Blume - Anyone who thinks my life is cupcakes is all wrong.
Judy Blume - When I was young, my parents had a library in our living room. I was always free to browse and read.
Jules Verne - The sea is only the embodiment of a supernatural and wonderful existence.
Jules Verne - Though sleep is called our best friend, it is a friend who often keeps us waiting!
Jules Verne - Solitude, isolation, are painful things and beyond human endurance.
Jules Verne - When one has taken root, one puts out branches.
Jules Verne - We may brave human laws, but we cannot resist natural ones.
Jules Verne - A man of merit owes himself to the homage of the rest of mankind who recognize his worth.
Jules Verne - With happiness as with health: to enjoy it, one should be deprived of it occasionally.
Jules Verne - Trains, like time and tide, stop for no one.
Jules Verne - I have noticed that many who do not believe in God believe in everything else, even in the evil eye.
Jules Verne - Liberty is worth paying for.
Julie Andrews - Perseverance is failing 19 times and succeeding the 20th.
Julie Andrews - I've got a good right hook.
Julie Andrews - All love shifts and changes. I don't know if you can be wholeheartedly in love all the time.
Julie Andrews - Some people regard discipline as a chore. For me, it is a kind of order that sets me free to fly.
Julie Andrews - Broadway is a tough, tough arena for singing.
Julie Andrews - I am an optimistic lady.
Julie Andrews - I love singing, and I came to absolutely adore it in the later part of my career.
Julie Andrews - I would be a fool to deny my own abilities.
Julie Andrews - The thrill of being in front of a camera remains exactly the same.
Julie Andrews - Sometimes I'm so sweet even I can't stand it.
Julie Burchill - It has been said that a pretty face is a passport. But it's not, it's a visa, and it runs out fast.
Julie Burchill - People - and I include myself - get fat because they choose pleasure over self-denial.
Julie Burchill - Gluttony and idleness are two of life's great joys, but they are not honourable.
Julie Burchill - But just think what a boring, bread-and-milk world this would be without the boastful.
Julie Burchill - Shame, like beauty, is often in the eye of the beholder.
Julie Burchill - I don't have a spiritual bone in my body; but what I am, is religious.
Julie Burchill - I wouldn't know how to fool a man any more. My deceiving days seem so long ago.
Julie Burchill - Show me a frigid women and, nine times out of ten, I'll show you a little man.
Julie Burchill - A good part - and definitely the most fun part - of being a feminist is about frightening men.
Julie Burchill - I just have a real problem with people who seek to portray fatness or thinness as moral concepts.
Julius Caesar - If you must break the law, do it to seize power: in all other cases observe it.
Julius Caesar - Experience is the teacher of all things.
Julius Caesar - I came, I saw, I conquered.
Julius Caesar - As a rule, men worry more about what they can't see than about what they can.
Julius Caesar - I love the name of honor, more than I fear death.
Julius Caesar - Men in general are quick to believe that which they wish to be true.
Julius Caesar - It is better to create than to learn! Creating is the essence of life.
Julius Caesar - Which death is preferably to every other? 'The unexpected'.
Julius Caesar - In war, events of importance are the result of trivial causes.
Julius Caesar - It is not these well-fed long-haired men that I fear, but the pale and the hungry-looking.
Junot Diaz - I look most like myself... when I'm wearing my black, nerdy engineering glasses.
Junot Diaz - God bless perseverance. Because it's not easy.
Junot Diaz - Nobody warned me that when you fall in love, you really fall in love forever.
Junot Diaz - Colleagues are a wonderful thing - but mentors, that's where the real work gets done.
Junot Diaz - I have three storage units, and that's no lie. Three storage units. All books.
Junot Diaz - Infidelity raises profound questions about intimacy.
Junot Diaz - I'm a product of a fragmented world.
Junot Diaz - I am a chatty person, but colossally discreet.
Junot Diaz - I love 'The Autobiography of Malcolm X.' That was like the only black book we read in high school.
Junot Diaz - To an outsider, I just seem like a list of accomplishments. To me, all there is is how often I fail.
Justin Bieber - Friends are the best to turn to when you're having a rough day.
Justin Bieber - I'm crazy, I'm nuts. Just the way my brain works. I'm not normal. I think differently.
Justin Bieber - I make mistakes growing up. I'm not perfect; I'm not a robot.
Justin Bieber - No one can stop me.
Justin Bieber - I want my world to be fun.
Justin Bieber - I'm happy with the man I'm becoming.
Justin Bieber - I leave the hip thrusts to Michael Jackson.
Justin Bieber - My mind is always racing.
Justin Bieber - I'm really an animal guy. I express myself in different ways as an animal.
Justin Bieber - I got a bright future ahead of me.
Justin Timberlake - Talent doesn't always equal success.
Justin Timberlake - I feel very fortunate to be compared to somebody so incredible. Michael Jackson's an icon.
Justin Timberlake - As time goes by people will see who I am for who I am.
Justin Timberlake - Every relationship I've been in, I've overwhelmed the girl. They just can't handle all the love.
Justin Timberlake - Every time you do a project, you learn something new.
Justin Timberlake - Gossip is called gossip because it's not always the truth.
Justin Timberlake - I believe people can move things with their minds.
Justin Timberlake - I like simple things. I like to sneak in the theatre and watch movies. I'm a movie buff.
Justin Timberlake - I like to play golf. I like to shoot hoops.
Justin Timberlake - I sang in church growing up. Memphis is the blues capital of the world, we like to say.
Justin Trudeau - Canada has always been there to help people who need it.
Justin Trudeau - Who cares about winning? We should focus on serving.
Justin Trudeau - Ours was not a normal or easy life.
Justin Trudeau - At one point, people are going to have to realize that maybe I know what I'm doing.
Justin Trudeau - Living your life in the public eye is a greater burden than most people can imagine.
Justin Trudeau - I have no regrets.
Justin Trudeau - My father raised us to step toward trouble rather than to step away from it.
Justin Trudeau - We're asking those who have done well to do a little more for the people who need it.
Justin Trudeau - Our child benefit goes directly to the families who need it the most.
Justin Trudeau - I think we're pretty much where we need to be on corporate taxes.
James Callis - Anybody who has political ambition has an Achilles heel.
James Callis - I think the level of devotion some sci-fi fans display turns other people off.
James Callis - I was convinced that I was going to be onstage for the rest of my life.
James Callis - You don't want to diminish anybody's pain and suffering.
James Callis - Jane Austen is very amusing.
James Callis - You're always concerned for your character. You should be.
James Callis - When somebody says, 'Action,' I act. When they say, 'Cut,' that's my job. I've done it.
James Callis - Jokes are very curious things psychologically.
James Callis - You can go lots of places as Gaius Baltar that other people aren't allowed to pursue.
James Callis - My first show, in England, was called 'Soldier, Soldier.'
James Dickey - I want a fever, in poetry: a fever, and tranquillity.
James Dickey - The true feeling of sex is that of a deep intimacy, but above all of a deep complicity.
James Dickey - A poet is someone who stands outside in the rain hoping to be struck by lightning.
James Dickey - To be precise and reckless: that is the consummation devoutly to be wished.
James Dickey - He can't imagine the result of the mission because he never saw it.
James Dickey - I want you all to stand; will you do that for me, please?
James Dickey - You are bound, my hunch is, to make it just fine.
James Dickey - She was the Judy Garland of American poetry.
James Dickey - There ain't nothin' to dyin', really. You just get tired. You kind of drift away.
James Dickey - I want you to hear a new version of Dueling Banjos. Anyone else is welcome.
James Galway - I do not consider my self as having mastered the flute, but I get a real kick out of trying.
James Galway - It is normal to be nervous.
James Galway - Being unprepared heightens nerves.
James Galway - You can sightread better if you know your scales and arpeggios.
James Galway - Yes indeed I have gained a lot out of playing scales and etudes.
James Galway - Everyone who plays the flute should learn singing.
James Galway - You cannot prepare enough for anything.
James Galway - Control of vibrato helps your musical expression.
James Galway - I do not see scales as abstract.
James Galway - Scales played in the correct musical way are very exciting and rewarding.
Jamie Kennedy - All I can do is put on my armor and brace for the arrows.
Jamie Kennedy - I have to have some of my voice because I have my own experiences that I lived through.
Jamie Kennedy - I'd like to be a wounded leading man. Instead of a pillar of strength, I'd be the scared one.
Jamie Kennedy - I'm really kind of a vampire at heart.
Jamie Kennedy - It's the millenium, motives are incidental.
Jamie Kennedy - There are certain rules one must abide by in order to succesfully survive a horror movie.
Jamie Kennedy - People want to hear the gossip. They don't want to hear about the shots.
Jamie Kennedy - If you were the only suspect in a senseless bloodbath, would you be standing the the horror section?
Jamie Kennedy - I like doing interviews. I really do.
Jamie Kennedy - I think anybody can be a good actor.
Jayne Meadows - I just loved and love life. I love it today.
Jayne Meadows - My mother was the dearest, sweetest angel. She didn't talk; she sang. She was a tower of strength.
Jayne Meadows - The best people I know have had a lot of obstacles to overcome.
Jayne Meadows - There is only one secret. To love what you are doing.
Jayne Meadows - I never look at a note. I just roam the stage. The people do not want to leave.
Jayne Meadows - Marriage, even the best marriages are tough.
Jayne Meadows - Steve is very quiet, even shy. I am very gregarious. So, opposites.
Jayne Meadows - I was fed up with being just plain Jane.
Jayne Meadows - I have this tremendous energy. I just loved and love life. I love it today. I never want to die.
Jayne Meadows - I never say a funny thing intentionally.
Jeff Lynne - Old music is the same as new music - it's just a different way of delivering it.
Jeff Lynne - Music is my first love.
Jeff Lynne - Live shows are fun - sometimes. But you have to practice for months on end.
Jeff Lynne - At the end of the day I have to please myself. And I've made a record to please myself.
Jeff Lynne - I just realized how long it was since the last album, and where did the time go? You know?
Jeff Lynne - As you get older, the days have gone, and the years have gone, and it's 'whoosh!'
Jeff Lynne - The hairs stand up on the back of my neck at certain music.
Jeff Lynne - I'm still getting thrilled with music even after 40 years of doing it professionally.
Jeff Lynne - To me, making records isn't work.
Jeff Lynne - The first band I saw were Mike Sheridan and The Nightriders, in their brown mohair suits, in 1966.
Jeffrey Katzenberg - Shrek is not like anything anybody has ever seen before.
Jeffrey Katzenberg - I have a very difficult time getting the Napster world.
Jeffrey Katzenberg - I haven't got a lot of patience.
Jeffrey Katzenberg - Inspiration comes from all different places.
Jeffrey Katzenberg - I know what we do really well - I just try and keep us focused on doing that.
Jeffrey Katzenberg - You can tell when an actor or actress cares about their work. It's really clear.
Jeffrey Katzenberg - The entire exhibitions industry in the United States of America has filed for bankruptcy.
Jeffrey Katzenberg - It was the business that made Pop go away, not our inability to create.
Jeffrey Katzenberg - Since we made Shrek in the digital format, you actually can see it in its purest form digitally.
Jeffrey Katzenberg - The thing that's changed the most has just been the rapid technology.
Jeremy Sumpter - San Francisco. The one team that everyone in LA hates.
Jeremy Sumpter - It's different hearing girls I don't even know scream my name.
Jeremy Sumpter - I want to have a bunch of kids so I can boss them around.
Jeremy Sumpter - I definitely want to do movies and stuff.
Jeremy Sumpter - Movies are great, TV is great.
Jeremy Sumpter - I get recognized a lot now. It's great.
Jeremy Sumpter - I thought I was the coolest kid in the world, so I wound up being the coolest kid in the world.
Jeremy Sumpter - My memory's bad!
Jeremy Sumpter - That's the scary part about TV, how you'll feel about it in six years.
Jeremy Sumpter - I have been accused of making people laugh, maybe when it's not appropriate, during scenes.
Jerry Kramer - College was especially sweet because of the positive, hopeful atmosphere of a college campus.
Jerry Kramer - Normally, if you go through a game without attracting attention, you are doing a hell of a job.
Jerry Kramer - When the game is over it is really just beginning.
Jerry Kramer - My whole life has been one of seeking experience.
Jerry Kramer - In November, 1964 when I was a patient at the Mayo Clinic I though seriously about killing myself.
Jerry Kramer - To have that kind of ovation, that happens very seldom for a lineman.
Jerry Kramer - The whole book experience was a look into another world, the world of Gore Vidal and Norman Mailer.
Jerry Kramer - Probably the best part of my life has been watching the kids play their games.
Jerry Kramer - There's a great deal of love for one another on this club. Perhaps we're living in Camelot.
Jerry Kramer - We will pay any price that we are instructed to. But the money has to come from somewhere.
Jerry Stiller - Creative comedy is like growing geraniums in a mine field.
Jerry Stiller - Never go for the punch line. There might be something funnier on the way.
Jerry Stiller - Hollywood never knew there was a Vietnam War until they made the movie.
Jerry Stiller - I've been around the block a lot and I've had a merry trail for 55 years.
Jerry Stiller - I don't think my judgment is that good. I don't know what is funny.
Jerry Stiller - I shave without using shaving cream.
Jerry Stiller - Money is sensual.
Jerry Stiller - Being on a sitcom stops me from getting Alzheimer's.
Jerry Stiller - I loved the idea of touching base with an audience.
Jerry Stiller - The worst thing in this business is to be thought of as a no-talent.
Jessi Colter - If I stopped writing and being at my piano, I wouldn't know how to live. It's your best friend.
Jessi Colter - In our depths, I think we all feel very small in relation to the greater universe and God.
Jessi Colter - I'd always been on the giving end of music and creating.
Jessi Colter - I'm very happy. I was little scared because it's such a big bite.
Jessi Colter - It's just what it is. It just all happened in my stride.
Jessi Colter - It's part of what I do at my piano - the hymns. And then I write.
Jessi Colter - Mother was a great force in her area of evangelism.
Jessi Colter - Music is important.
Jessi Colter - There's just no vision. You have no ground, no vision.
Jessi Colter - What I felt is the same kind of love I felt between Waylon and his audience. And that's what I miss.
Kailash Satyarthi - Childhood means simplicity. Look at the world with the child's eye - it is very beautiful.
Kailash Satyarthi - India may be a land of over a 100 problems, but it is also a place for a billion solutions.
Kailash Satyarthi - Every single minute matters, every single child matters, every single childhood matters.
Kailash Satyarthi - Each time I free a child, I feel it is something closer to God.
Kailash Satyarthi - I never go to temples, but when I see a child, I see God in them.
Kailash Satyarthi - For me, peace is a fundamental human right of every child; it is inevitable and divine.
Kailash Satyarthi - Let us unite the world through the compassion for our children.
Kailash Satyarthi - The biggest challenge or biggest crisis knocking on the doors of humankind is fear and intolerance.
Kailash Satyarthi - We still have a soft approach on the perpetrators of crimes like worst forms of child labour.
Kailash Satyarthi - I refuse to accept that the shackles of slavery can ever be stronger than the quest for freedom.
Kaley Cuoco - I love the fashion world. I love clothes. I love style.
Kaley Cuoco - I love animals, and I feel more of a connection to animals than people.
Kaley Cuoco - Obviously, I don't have a high IQ, but I've always liked nerds and quirky guys.
Kaley Cuoco - I really am an open book. I don't keep anything in at all, which is good and bad.
Kaley Cuoco - I'm a country girl at heart.
Kaley Cuoco - I'm the most competitive person you'll ever meet.
Kaley Cuoco - James Garner is like a peaceful river through our chaos.
Kaley Cuoco - I love all music. Right now I am loving Josh Grobin and Kelly Clarkson.
Kaley Cuoco - You do a job; your show gets canceled. You get used to it.
Kaley Cuoco - 'Big Bang' is unbelievable; I'm blessed, but it's not the only thing in my life.
Kalpana Chawla - I've always been very determined. I don't get easily discouraged.
Kalpana Chawla - Listen to the sounds of nature. Wishing you the best on your trek towards your dreams.
Kalpana Chawla - The journey matters as much as the goal.
Kalpana Chawla - Take good care of our fragile planet.
Kalpana Chawla - You are just your intelligence.
Kalpana Chawla - Material interests are not the only guiding light.
Kalpana Chawla - The quickest way may not necessarily be the best.
Kalpana Chawla - If you want to do something, what does it matter where you are ranked?
Kalpana Chawla - I am from Karnal, India.
Kalpana Chawla - You must enjoy the journey because whether or not you get there, you must have fun on the way.
Kamala Harris - I was raised to be an independent woman, not the victim of anything.
Kamala Harris - What we all want is public safety. We don't want rhetoric that's framed through ideology.
Kamala Harris - The American dream belongs to all of us.
Kamala Harris - Generally speaking, the public appetite for criminal justice policy is just tough talk.
Kamala Harris - My mother was and will always remain my greatest hero.
Kamala Harris - 'Getting smart on crime' does not mean reducing sentences or punishments for crimes.
Kamala Harris - I believe that a child going without an education is a crime.
Kamala Harris - So many people trip in front of them because they're looking over there or up ahead.
Kamala Harris - I have a difficult time sitting down for long periods.
Kamala Harris - You have to see and smell and feel the circumstances of people to really understand them.
Kangana Ranaut - Freedom of being alone is intoxicating.
Kangana Ranaut - I would never be able to spend all my life in a busy city like Mumbai.
Kangana Ranaut - My biggest asset is that I know how to learn, and that, I believe, will help me in the long run.
Kangana Ranaut - I followed my instincts; I followed my intuition, and it paid off.
Kangana Ranaut - It's very hard for me to find any sort of shame or blame in my life. I'm not made that way.
Kangana Ranaut - Modesty is good. But not when it comes at the cost of honesty.
Kangana Ranaut - Sucking up to a director means you are unsure of your talents. I'm not.
Kangana Ranaut - Image means a lot. It is everything in the business that we are in.
Kangana Ranaut - All beautiful things in this world are because of women.
Kangana Ranaut - I dread shooting with animals. I hope I never get a script with snakes.
Kapil Dev - Apart from education, you need good health, and for that, you need to play sports.
Kapil Dev - If you play good cricket, a lot of bad things get hidden.
Kapil Dev - It is always nice when you are honoured. The Lifetime award makes me feel old. I am only 55.
Kapil Dev - I think pride is more important sometimes than making money.
Kapil Dev - I always breathe cricket.
Kapil Dev - Spirituality lies in what you do and how you do it and not what result you get.
Kapil Dev - There is inspiration all around us.
Kapil Dev - I don't look into negative things. Go past mistakes and look forward.
Kapil Dev - I was a naughty kid. Teachers did not like me much.
Kapil Dev - When you have to work, work with a smile.
Kapil Sibal - Intolerance is alien to Hinduism.
Kapil Sibal - I have been writing poetry for a long time now. I started writing in my school days.
Kapil Sibal - I would welcome satirical references to political leaders as part of freedom of expression.
Kapil Sibal - Politics runs in every human being, and so does music.
Kapil Sibal - My voice is not good enough for me to sing a song.
Kapil Sibal - We are wedded to freedom of expression and shall do nothing to diminish that freedom.
Kapil Sibal - To the youth who have taken up guns, I urge them to return to their parents and shun violence.
Kapil Sibal - India should be an exporter of technology.
Kapil Sibal - What the government and we in society need to do is to address the issue of gender justice.
Kapil Sibal - The fabric of our Constitution and our civilisational culture is based on tolerance.
Kara Swisher - As I always like to keep in mind about everything: Don't fight the trend.
Kara Swisher - I love all my scoop children. But consistency and persistence is really my aim.
Kara Swisher - I am a big proponent of being in touch with everyone even when I do not have a story to ask about.
Kara Swisher - Most reporters are so transactional rather than strategic.
Kara Swisher - I don't think you can look at my history and say they love me to death in Silicon Valley.
Kara Swisher - I'm focused on getting to a place where we can prove that journalism can make good money on the web.
Kara Swisher - I don't write about Google except to insult the company.
Kara Swisher - Everything is a narrative in life. I learned that early on as a reporter at the 'Washington Post.'
Kara Swisher - No matter how young you are, you're too old for SXSW.
Kara Swisher - Wherever you go at SXSW, there you are standing in line. Or watching other people stand in line.
Karan Johar - Two powerful people can't be friends.
Karan Johar - Throughout my life, I have valued relationships far more than the professionalism.
Karan Johar - Sometimes new voices have the most spectacular vision. It is uncluttered and organic.
Karan Johar - Few people know that I love local dhaba food. It is the best!
Karan Johar - I'm not embarrassed about who I am. I'm not apologetic.
Karan Johar - Honesty is wonderful, but I suspect it's also overrated.
Karan Johar - For me, a child means an old-age insurance policy. I have a nurturing quality in me.
Karan Johar - Tell me, who doesn't want to have a family to extend himself/herself?
Karan Johar - My father was 40 when he had me, so he was more a grandparent than a parent.
Karan Johar - I feel Victoria may have a Secret, but you don't have to know it!
Karan Mahajan - There's a hustling, but also a self-centred vibe you can get from people in Delhi.
Karan Mahajan - If Asian America exists, it is because of systemic racism.
Karan Mahajan - Asian-Americans are still regarded as 'other' by many of their fellow-citizens.
Karan Mahajan - I immigrated to the United States in 2001 for college.
Karan Mahajan - I see flaws as a kind of beauty.
Karan Mahajan - Literature has become too psychological.
Karan Mahajan - I put my thoughts in a book, which must mean I don't want anyone to read them.
Karan Mahajan - To live in New York is to see the world as it is to come.
Karan Mahajan - The thing about a failure is that it is possible to deny it forever.
Karan Mahajan - Terrorists are as torn as anyone else.
Kareem Abdul-Jabbar - You can't win unless you learn how to lose.
Kareem Abdul-Jabbar - I saw Islam as the correct way to live, and I chose to try to live that way.
Kareem Abdul-Jabbar - Yoga is just good for you.
Kareem Abdul-Jabbar - One man can be a crucial ingredient on a team, but one man cannot make a team.
Kareem Abdul-Jabbar - If not for the success that medicine has made, I might be part of a much different story right now.
Kareem Abdul-Jabbar - I think that the good and the great are only separated by the willingness to sacrifice.
Kareem Abdul-Jabbar - I expect more people from China and Asia to end up in the NBA.
Kareem Abdul-Jabbar - I am highly offended by the total lack of acknowledgement of my contribution to Laker success.
Kareem Abdul-Jabbar - The game has basically not changed since I ended my career.
Kareem Abdul-Jabbar - I think I did very well against everyone who tried to defend me.
Karen Elson - I had a diary full of lyrics and whatnot and a little voice recorder of guitar riffs.
Karen Elson - I love Jen Meyer - she's a dear friend, and Tabitha Simmons as well.
Karen Elson - The interesting thing with fashion is that it's really a massive daydream.
Karen Elson - I've been writing songs since I was at least 20. That's what I wanted to do before I became a model.
Karen Elson - Being a model, you're always the product of somebody else's vision.
Karen Elson - I was always the weirdo at school.
Karen Elson - I just love vintage. I have far too many vintage dresses.
Karen Elson - I would go home and be this insular girl who listened to music and brooded in her bedroom.
Karen Elson - You don't just wake up one morning and decide to become a singer-songwriter.
Karen Elson - I was always singing as a kid. That's honestly all I've ever wanted to do.
Karen Salmansohn - The best things in life are often waiting for you at the exit ramp of your comfort zone.
Karen Salmansohn - I hate to wait. When I want something, I want it now.
Karen Salmansohn - All my life, my immediate response to emotional pain has been to make jokes. Lots of jokes.
Karen Salmansohn - I feared vulnerability more than my actual emotional pain itself!
Karen Salmansohn - In many ways, anger is a misdirected plea for love.
Karen Salmansohn - Whenever you choose power over love, you will never find true happiness.
Karen Salmansohn - Your subconscious's goal is to recreate unresolved childhood issues and then hopefully mend them.
Karen Salmansohn - Personally, I believe people who have a lots of memories are people who are living with zest.
Karen Salmansohn - Take the time today to understand your contribution to any bad event you've just been through.
Karen Salmansohn - If you're human, you've had phases in your life when things are in flux.
Karin Slaughter - I've always been drawn to historical fiction.
Karin Slaughter - I know the cadence of the language and the voice of Atlanta because I've lived here for so long.
Karin Slaughter - As a Southerner, I love obstacles for my characters.
Karin Slaughter - I read extensively about serial killers and all sorts of things people get up to.
Karin Slaughter - When I'm on a good go, I can do 12, 13 hours of writing.
Karin Slaughter - I could type in a closet and be fine. It's just a matter of cocooning myself. Just me and the story.
Karin Slaughter - Feminism has been so co-opted, but the fact is, feminism benefits men as well.
Karin Slaughter - I certainly went to high school with some mean girls, and I would not wish that hell on anybody.
Karin Slaughter - Even 'Gone With the Wind' had a shocking, cold-blooded murder.
Karin Slaughter - I have a lot of men who will say to me, 'I don't read books by women, but I like you.'
Karl Barth - Joy is the simplest form of gratitude.
Karl Barth - The best theology would need no advocates; it would prove itself.
Karl Barth - It is always the case that when the Christian looks back, he is looking at the forgiveness of sins.
Karl Barth - Grace must find expression in life, otherwise it is not grace.
Karl Barth - Laughter is the closest thing to the grace of God.
Karl Barth - Faith in God's revelation has nothing to do with an ideology which glorifies the status quo.
Karl Barth - Conscience is the perfect interpreter of life.
Karl Barth - Faith is never identical with piety.
Karl Barth - Men have never been good, they are not good and they never will be good.
Karl Barth - In the Church of Jesus Christ there can and should be no non-theologians.
Karl Kraus - Education is a crutch with which the foolish attack the wise to prove that they are not idiots.
Karl Kraus - Stupidity is an elemental force for which no earthquake is a match.
Karl Kraus - Science is spectral analysis. Art is light synthesis.
Karl Kraus - There are people who can never forgive a beggar for their not having given him anything.
Karl Kraus - Matrimony is the union of meanness and martyrdom.
Karl Kraus - The mission of the press is to spread culture while destroying the attention span.
Karl Kraus - Curses on the law! Most of my fellow citizens are the sorry consequences of uncommitted abortions.
Karl Kraus - I had a terrible vision: I saw an encyclopedia walk up to a polymath and open him up.
Karl Kraus - Psychoanalysis is that mental illness for which it regards itself as therapy.
Karl Kraus - Jealousy is a dog's bark which attracts thieves.
Karl Malone - You work for whatever you get in life.
Karl Malone - Sometimes, you follow your dreams. I say to the young people, 'If you have a dream, chase it.'
Karl Malone - Somebody tell the damn players to start playing like old school.
Karl Malone - I'll make the right decision, whichever one it is. I have to be 100 percent, not 95 or 99.
Karl Malone - Forget the technique. Hit the guy across from you. Don't let somebody come in your space.
Karl Malone - I spent a lot of time doing things other people wanted me to do, so I'm doing what I want to do now.
Karl Malone - You don't try to do more than you should.
Karl Malone - I have my life on a track that I want it on, and I don't want to get off.
Karl Malone - It takes people a while to trust you.
Karl Malone - I hope I did it the way my peers did it before me. I didn't do anything but try to play hard.
Karl Rove - Memo to White House: Calling voters stupid is not a winning strategy.
Karl Rove - Ronald Reagan wasn't in the establishment of the Republican Party either, nor was Richard Nixon.
Karl Rove - Negative politics have always been around.
Karl Rove - The world is a better place with Saddam Hussein gone.
Karl Rove - We've been probably to some degree too successful.
Karl Rove - Many Democrats have a pre-9/11 worldview.
Karl Rove - Mr. Obama has an ingenious approach to job losses: He describes them as job gains.
Karl Rove - I believe in traditional marriage.
Karl Rove - It's not comfortable for me to write about my family. I'm not comfortable writing about me.
Karl Rove - If there's a leak out of my administration, I want to know who it is.
Karl Wilhelm Friedrich Schlegel - Irony is the form of paradox. Paradox is what is good and great at the same time.
Karl Wilhelm Friedrich Schlegel - A so-called happy marriage corresponds to love as a correct poem to an improvised song.
Karl Wilhelm Friedrich Schlegel - When reason and unreason come into contact, an electrical shock occurs. This is called polemics.
Karl Wilhelm Friedrich Schlegel - Every uneducated person is a caricature of himself.
Karl Wilhelm Friedrich Schlegel - Wit as an instrument of revenge is as infamous as art is as a means of sensual titillation.
Karl Wilhelm Friedrich Schlegel - He who does not become familiar with nature through love will never know her.
Karl Wilhelm Friedrich Schlegel - Mysteries are feminine; they like to veil themselves but still want to be seen and divined.
Karl Wilhelm Friedrich Schlegel - A family can develop only with a loving woman as its center.
Karl Wilhelm Friedrich Schlegel - Combine the extremes, and you will have the true center.
Karl Wilhelm Friedrich Schlegel - Man is a creative retrospection of nature upon itself.
Karlie Kloss - I think that taking ballet is one of the best things a girl can do. Period.
Karlie Kloss - I have a notebook that is filled to the brim with my dreams and ideas and goals and aspirations.
Karlie Kloss - Ballet really taught me so much about the power of movement.
Karlie Kloss - I wish I could fly. Or speak fluent Chinese. Both I think are equally impossible.
Karlie Kloss - You have to grow thick skin and that only comes with time and learning.
Karlie Kloss - I'm somewhat in my own cloud.
Karlie Kloss - I'm one of those tall, lanky, awkward kids.
Karlie Kloss - There's no time for boys in my life right now.
Karlie Kloss - I work strategically with my management team to make all decisions.
Karlie Kloss - Whether running, biking, swimming, or dancing, I just like to always be on the move.
Kary Mullis - Science grows like a weed every year.
Kary Mullis - I can say exactly what I feel about any issue, and I'm going to do that.
Kary Mullis - Science consistently produces a new crop of miraculous truths and dazzling devices every year.
Kary Mullis - Art is subject to arbitrary fashion.
Kary Mullis - I'm really optimistic in the mornings.
Kary Mullis - Law shuttles between freeing us and enslaving us.
Kary Mullis - PCR made it easier to see that certain people are infected with HIV.
Kary Mullis - The mystery of that damn virus has been generated by the $2 billion a year they spend on it.
Kary Mullis - They can't pooh-pooh me now, because of who I am.
Kary Mullis - I like writing about biology, not doing it.
Kat Graham - My first show was in front of 30,000 people with will.i.am, and I wasn't even that nervous.
Kat Graham - You make your mark by being true to who you are and letting that be your staple.
Kat Graham - My style is not trendy by any means; my inner artists loves to shine through in my wardrobe.
Kat Graham - I'm obsessed with cooking! I want a degree in the culinary arts!
Kat Graham - I am more vintage than I am high fashion.
Kat Graham - I'm all about high-waisted pants and skirts, pencil skirts, and sheer, long-sleeves in the summer.
Kat Graham - I just don't drink alcohol. I never have; I never will.
Kat Graham - If you're cast on 'The Vampire Diaries,' the likelihood of you dying is very good.
Kat Graham - I think it's important to have your own individual style and sense of self. It's kind of what I do.
Kat Graham - I'm a smoky eye girl. I love playing with eye colors, metallics... fun stuff!
Katarina Johnson-Thompson - I played a lot of football, and I was a goalkeeper, but I didn't really like playing in goal.
Katarina Johnson-Thompson - Everything happens for a reason - I'm a believer of that for sure.
Katarina Johnson-Thompson - I like to balance competing with studying. It's hard work at the moment, but it could be worse.
Katarina Johnson-Thompson - I'm training once a day, four days a week, and just loving life.
Katarina Johnson-Thompson - Record-breaking is not getting boring. I am definitely happy with that.
Katarina Johnson-Thompson - That people believe I can be Olympic champ, it just spurs me on.
Katarina Johnson-Thompson - I can't change my personality. I'll always smile, but I'll be more focused.
Katarina Johnson-Thompson - I think I rely on my talent more than my brain sometimes.
Katarina Johnson-Thompson - You can exercise anytime, anywhere. It doesn't have to be the gym.
Katarina Johnson-Thompson - I've been training quite hard.
Kate Beckinsale - I have to say, sushi freaks me out more than almost anything.
Kate Beckinsale - I always felt that anorexia was the form of breakdown most readily available to adolescent girls.
Kate Beckinsale - If I ever have sex with someone I might be able to develop a sense of humor.
Kate Beckinsale - No one is more enslaved than a slave who doesn't think they're enslaved.
Kate Beckinsale - I didn't go looking to marry an American, it just kinda happened like that.
Kate Beckinsale - I feel like I've done a bunch of period stuff and then a bunch of romantic comedies.
Kate Beckinsale - I feel like I'm really lucky.
Kate Beckinsale - I'm a fan of action movies.
Kate Beckinsale - I didn't feel very attractive as a child and actually I wasn't.
Kate Beckinsale - I feel like I flunked at adolescence really badly. I found it really difficult.
Kate Brown - No individual, regardless of where they live or whom they love, should suffer discrimination.
Kate Brown - John Kitzhaber was a visionary leader for Oregon.
Kate Brown - My highest priority is the safety of all Oregonians and their communities.
Kate Brown - Any threat to the health and safety of a child in any school or classroom is unacceptable.
Kate Brown - Public health and safety are my highest priorities.
Kate Brown - My personal view is that I am opposed to the death penalty.
Kate Brown - Tackling affordable housing via land use planning won't necessarily solve the problem.
Kate Brown - I have spent my career fighting to make Oregon a place where everyone can thrive.
Kate Brown - Every child has a right to learn in an environment that is safe.
Kate Brown - I'm very committed to stable and adequate funding for education.
Kate Bush - I think quotes are very dangerous things.
Kate Bush - It's not important to me that people understand me.
Kate Bush - Clothes are such a strong part of who a human being is.
Kate Bush - One of the main reasons for wanting to perform live again was to have contact with that audience.
Kate Bush - Thanks to everyone who's encouraged and supported my work over the years.
Kate Bush - The freedom you feel when you're actually in control of your own music is fantastic.
Kate Bush - Writing, film, sculpture, music: it's all make-believe, really.
Kate Bush - I think it's important that things are flawed.
Kate Bush - I guess what all artists want is for their work to touch someone or for it to be thought provoking.
Kate Bush - I want to be in a position where I can function as a human being.
Kate Christensen - I've never been an outward rebel, but inside, I just rebel deeply.
Kate Christensen - Food is not a means toward resolution. It can't cure heartbreak or solve untenable dilemmas.
Kate Christensen - In the aftermath of a marriage, you feel helpless and hapless.
Kate Christensen - I've always written about adultery because it raises the question of transgression and trouble.
Kate Christensen - I'm not a foodie - I'm an eater: I'm hungry.
Kate Christensen - I wrote my first story when I was six or seven.
Kate Christensen - Characters who don't suffer have no interest to me.
Kate Christensen - It makes you vulnerable to win an award. It's nice to get the attention, but your neck is stuck out.
Kate Christensen - In literature, older women are not often given center stage.
Kate Christensen - It's really hard for me, every day, to confront my writing. It never gets easier over time.
Kate Hudson - Honesty will never break you.
Kate Hudson - Never worry about bad press: All that matters is if they spell your name right.
Kate Hudson - I smoke, isn't that terrible?
Kate Hudson - I auditioned on my own. I tried to make a mark for myself without anybody's help, not even Mom's.
Kate Hudson - I'm superstitious... but not like wear the same underwear for two weeks superstitious.
Kate Hudson - When you're nursing and you're working 18-hour days, that's pretty hard.
Kate Hudson - The only things I'm competitive in are backgammon and poker.
Kate Hudson - Somebody can become a celebrity for being stupid. That is what it's turned into.
Kate Hudson - If it's a big hit, fantastic. If it's not, then it's not. I don't worry about my work.
Kate Hudson - I'm not afraid of heights. I rock climb. I can repel off the side of a building.
Kate McKinnon - Getting recognized on the street is fine, but I never really wanted to be famous.
Kate McKinnon - I was just never discouraged from doing something wacky like trying to be a comedian.
Kate McKinnon - A good impression is sort of a juxtaposition of disparate elements.
Kate McKinnon - I pride myself on being tragically uncool.
Kate McKinnon - Progress, real progress, makes me cry harder than anything. When the world itself grows.
Kate McKinnon - There was just a lot of comedy on the TV in the house, and my parents are both very funny.
Kate McKinnon - I love Jared Hess' movies. He's such a weirdo and such a nice, funny guy.
Kate McKinnon - I just like playing unique characters that I love.
Kate McKinnon - What's not to love about a crazy cat lady? You have to be very giving to be a crazy cat lady.
Kate McKinnon - Nothing makes me laugh more than farting.
Kate Middleton - I don't know if I have a favorite color.
Kate Middleton - I hope we will be able to have a happy family ourselves.
Kate Middleton - I think, the people around home are very supportive to us.
Kate Middleton - I'm still very much Kate.
Kate Middleton - No, I had the Levis guy on my wall, not a picture of William, sorry.
Kate Middleton - There's no one quite like William - I bet he's really kind. You can just tell by looking at him.
Kate Middleton - I find doing speeches nerve wrecking.
Kate Middleton - We want to encourage people to talk to one another.
Kate Middleton - No parent would fail to call the doctor if their child developed a fever.
Kate Middleton - I often get asked why I decided to spend time highlighting the mental health of children.
Kate Moss - Nothing tastes as good as skinny feels.
Kate Moss - Going to the gym wouldn't be on my list of favorite things to do.
Kate Moss - It was kind of boring for me to have to eat. I would know that I had to, and I would.
Kate Moss - What people say isn't going to stop me. I have to do things for myself.
Kate Moss - Now I'm being blamed not only for anorexia but for lung cancer. - On being a social smoker.
Kate Moss - It's a sin to be tired.
Kate Moss - Actors do like watching girls parade down the runway for some reason.
Kate Moss - It's all about the blanket. Blanket, pillow, and red wine. You should always be asleep on a plane.
Kate Moss - People don't hear me talk. They don't expect me to.
Kate Moss - It is quite amazing what I didn't feel after a while. I didn't really want to feel things.
Kate Upton - My dream was always to be on the cover of 'Sports Illustrated.'
Kate Upton - So, I have my own horse and two ponies. I grew up around horses, and that really is my passion.
Kate Upton - I think twerking is overrated.
Kate Upton - I have a paralyzing fear of snakes.
Kate Upton - I can never find the right bras.
Kate Upton - I hate exercising self-control.
Kate Upton - I want to be able to sing well, but I have the worst voice in the world.
Kate Upton - I just think that pick-up lines in general are horrible. None of them work.
Kate Upton - You have to think hard with a tattoo. 'What will I love for the rest of my life?'
Kate Upton - I've always loved fashion, but it's not what I set out to do.
Kate Winslet - I think heartbreak is something that you learn to live with as opposed to learn to forget.
Kate Winslet - It's very easy to be judgmental until you know someone's truth.
Kate Winslet - The good and bad things are what form us as people... change makes us grow.
Kate Winslet - I really believe in, 'Move on, live and let live, forgive and forget.'
Kate Winslet - I do have impossibly high standards.
Kate Winslet - Glamour to me is about remaining graceful and understated.
Kate Winslet - I burp, I fart. I'm a real woman.
Kate Winslet - Life is short, and it is here to be lived.
Kate Winslet - There's more to life than cheek bones.
Kate Winslet - Loving someone is setting them free, letting them go.
Katee Sackhoff - It's weird to me to see how different everyone's opinion of beauty is.
Katee Sackhoff - I get recognized so much. It happens mostly when I'm in Starbucks.
Katee Sackhoff - My dad always said that hard work beats talent when talent doesn't work hard enough.
Katee Sackhoff - I think when you're doing good work, you don't necessarily need to be validated.
Katee Sackhoff - I wear high heels and dresses. I am a total girly girl.
Katee Sackhoff - Somebody can't complain when they enjoy going to work and enjoy the people they work with.
Katee Sackhoff - People don't realize that I started in musical theater. That's where my roots are.
Katee Sackhoff - I grew up watching science fiction and action movies. I love it. I absolutely love it!
Katee Sackhoff - Some of the craziest people I've met, in my life, are some of the most brilliant people I've met.
Katee Sackhoff - I hate horror movies, with a passion.
Katey Sagal - There isn't a lot written about the motorcycle culture.
Katey Sagal - Each time I seem to go through one of life's huge things, I want to play music.
Katey Sagal - I've certainly experienced physical pain in my life.
Katey Sagal - Being a mother has been my greatest teacher and also the most self-sacrificing thing I've ever done.
Katey Sagal - I've never loved anybody the way I love my children.
Katey Sagal - I really like sort of disappearing.
Katey Sagal - I was very rebellious.
Katey Sagal - You know, we travelled a lot when I was a kid because my father was wherever the work was.
Katey Sagal - Music is extremely intuitive, which acting too in a different way.
Katey Sagal - I'm a pretty emotional person.
Katharine Hepburn - Life is hard. After all, it kills you.
Katharine Hepburn - Without discipline, there's no life at all.
Katharine Hepburn - Acting is the most minor of gifts. After all, Shirley Temple could do it when she was four.
Katharine Hepburn - If you always do what interests you, at least one person is pleased.
Katharine Hepburn - If you obey all the rules you miss all the fun.
Katharine Hepburn - I never realized until lately that women were supposed to be the inferior sex.
Katharine Hepburn - I never lose sight of the fact that just being is fun.
Katharine Hepburn - Death will be a great relief. No more interviews.
Katharine Hepburn - Enemies are so stimulating.
Katharine Hepburn - Never complain. Never explain.
Katherine Dunn - Every doorway, every intersection has a story.
Katherine Dunn - Let's just say, the American school of suburban angst is not my cup of tea.
Katherine Dunn - Prior to penicillin and medical research, death was an everyday occurrence. It was intimate.
Katherine Dunn - I come from a family of great readers and storytellers.
Katherine Dunn - But I went to high school in a Portland suburb and went to college here.
Katherine Dunn - I think that it's really important to go away and come back.
Katherine Dunn - Asked why they wanted to fight, the young women said they enjoyed it, just as some men and boys do.
Katherine Dunn - But the idea that women can't take care of themselves still permeates our culture.
Katherine Dunn - There should be unemployment insurance for fictional people.
Katherine Dunn - A boxing gym is a place where men are allowed to be kind to one another.
Katherine Heigl - I'm the most uncoordinated clumsy, klutzy person. I always had a bruise, I always tripped and fell.
Katherine Heigl - My good friends are Mormon, some of the best people I know.
Katherine Heigl - A girl told me my lips looked like somebody had pressed strawberry yogurt against my face.
Katherine Heigl - Guys are kind of retarded until they're about 30.
Katherine Heigl - It's more fun to think that there are other worlds.
Katherine Heigl - I prefer a kiss that is so much more than just a tongue in your mouth.
Katherine Heigl - It's easy to be taken advantage of if you're not honest.
Katherine Heigl - I'm terrible with patience.
Katherine Heigl - My mother is a great source of advice and wisdom and consolation for me.
Katherine Heigl - I want to stay in the moment and enjoy the great things that are happening.
Katherine Jenkins - When I dance, I forget everything else and just feel completely happy.
Katherine Jenkins - Being a question on 'The Weakest Link,' that was quite a moment.
Katherine Jenkins - Confidence is one of the sexiest things.
Katherine Jenkins - I am a perfectionist.
Katherine Jenkins - You learn your lessons from the mistakes you make, not the things you achieve.
Katherine Jenkins - I love coming back to Neath - this is home and always will be.
Katherine Jenkins - I was such a geek in school.
Katherine Jenkins - I sing a mixture of everything from opera, folk music, Broadway. It's a mix of things.
Katherine Jenkins - Marilyn Monroe was supposedly a size 16, which is probably why I love her style; it suits me better.
Katherine Jenkins - If my mum thinks I'm acting like a diva she'll soon tell me off... She'll cut me down to size!
Katherine Kelly - The RSC changed my career, and 'Coronation Street' changed my life.
Katherine Kelly - One of my first memories is running up and down the theatre at Wakefield Opera House.
Katherine Kelly - I'm quite happy being single.
Katherine Kelly - I take one day at a time. I've always been like that.
Katherine Kelly - I agree with my mother that having children removes a layer of skin that you never grow back.
Katherine Kelly - You've got to be brave.
Katherine Kelly - You should see the way I walk around on the way to the nursery. I look a state.
Katherine Kelly - Becoming a mother has turned my world upside down, but in a really good way - it's the best.
Katherine Kelly - As for getting married, I don't have strong feelings, really - I can take or leave it.
Katherine Kelly - There's no sort of hierarchy at 'Corrie.' The crew get on.
Kathie Lee Gifford - Love in the real world means saying you're sorry 10 times a day.
Kathie Lee Gifford - Our culture is in moral chaos. On TV we celebrate freaks instead of honest, decent people.
Kathie Lee Gifford - A fear of the unknown keeps a lot of people from leaving bad situations.
Kathie Lee Gifford - To this day I do not believe I'm great at anything.
Kathie Lee Gifford - Sexual harassment is complex, subtle, and highly subjective.
Kathie Lee Gifford - We're imperfect people trapped in an imperfect world until we get to that place beyond.
Kathie Lee Gifford - We heard stories about fakery and decoys at revivals. I never personally saw any trickery.
Kathie Lee Gifford - It's no secret that I love to talk, but the real secret is I love to listen, too.
Kathie Lee Gifford - I was told all my life I was part Cherokee. Then it was Crow. The latest is Blackfoot.
Kathie Lee Gifford - God didn't bless me with success so I could eat caviar every day.
Kathleen Hanna - There's just as many different kinds of feminism as there are women in the world.
Kathleen Hanna - Art revolves around creating something that isn't there.
Kathleen Hanna - I wanted to make something that I wanted to hear that I wasn't hearing.
Kathleen Hanna - I wanna be a legend; I wanna be a cult hero. I do!
Kathleen Hanna - Popularity is totally overrated.
Kathleen Hanna - Singing is my life, and I have to do it, or I'm going to go totally bananas.
Kathleen Hanna - What happens tomorrow is going to happen tomorrow.
Kathleen Hanna - I really like to talk about my work in a way that is complicated.
Kathleen Hanna - I think as a culture, we don't like conflict or looking at icky stuff - especially in our downtime.
Kathleen Hanna - I think music can definitely be art; I also think music can be crap and not be art.
Kathleen Sebelius - The essence of good government is trust.
Kathleen Sebelius - Being a mother is no longer a liability, and being a woman is no longer a pre-existing condition!
Kathleen Sebelius - In many ways, human health is the great global connector.
Kathleen Sebelius - I know how tough it is to stand up to powerful forces that prey on consumers.
Kathleen Sebelius - A healthy state encourages many voices - and lots of listening.
Kathleen Sebelius - I believe we all agree that, for the health of Kansas, nothing is more important than education.
Kathleen Sebelius - General Motors spends more on health care than steel.
Kathleen Sebelius - I was governor of Kansas when Mitt Romney was governor of Massachusetts.
Kathleen Sebelius - Insurance companies can no longer refuse to cover Americans with pre-existing conditions.
Kathleen Sebelius - I've spent my career fighting the worst practices of insurance companies.
Kathleen Turner - The older I get, the less I suffer fools gladly.
Kathleen Turner - A woman can plan when to have her family and how to support a family.
Kathleen Turner - I find the idea of today's icons being teenagers incredibly uninspiring.
Kathleen Turner - The big gap between the ability of actors is confidence.
Kathleen Turner - Get more women producers, writers, directors. Why should we expect men to do it for us? They can't.
Kathleen Turner - I do not admire young actresses whose foreheads cannot move.
Kathleen Turner - I'm not a New York snob.
Kathleen Turner - Women are responsible for creating their own roles.
Kathleen Turner - I am certainly a liberal.
Kathleen Turner - I have no desire to play most of the roles being offered.
Kathryn Bigelow - I thrive on production. It feels very much like a natural environment for me.
Kathryn Bigelow - I don't want to be made pacified or made comfortable. I like stuff that gets your adrenaline going.
Kathryn Bigelow - Perhaps the only thing in my favor is that I am very tenacious. I don't take 'no' very well.
Kathryn Bigelow - The urge to purge the material I come up with is, I guess, an ongoing process.
Kathryn Bigelow - Something becomes personal when it deviates from the norm.
Kathryn Bigelow - I'm drawn to filmmaking that can transport me. Film can immerse you, put you there.
Kathryn Bigelow - I think violence in a cinematic context can be, if handled in a certain way, very seductive.
Kathryn Bigelow - I like to be strong.
Kathryn Bigelow - Cinema has the capacity to be so physiological.
Kathryn Bigelow - Character and emotionality don't always have to be relegated to quieter, more simple constructs.
Kathy Griffin - If you see me on Friday, you'll see different material on Saturday night.
Kathy Griffin - That's life when you're on the D-list.
Kathy Griffin - Gwyneth Paltrow names her kid Apple. I'm not going to let that stand.
Kathy Griffin - Have I gone too far?
Kathy Griffin - So I wonder if anything should ever be off limits.
Kathy Griffin - So yes, I say things I regret constantly, and I just can't help it.
Kathy Griffin - No, I love Montreal... I think I love Montreal more than Montreal loves me... I love the food there.
Kathy Griffin - My act is based on my life.
Kathy Griffin - I also love Mole, the unsung hero of reality programming.
Kathy Griffin - I think a Celebrity Survivor would be great.
Kathy Ireland - I always knew I belonged on the other side of the lens.
Kathy Ireland - Beauty comes from the inside.
Kathy Ireland - I would say my sense of adventure outweighs my grace.
Kathy Ireland - Don't just work for the money; that will bring only limited satisfaction.
Kathy Ireland - But I look at failure as education. In that respect, I am so well-educated.
Kathy Ireland - Our mission began with finding solutions for families, especially busy moms.
Kathy Ireland - I think I'm too much of a control freak.
Kathy Ireland - I want to be healthy, to be there for my husband and my kids.
Kathy Ireland - I'm a curious person. I like to ask questions.
Kathy Ireland - I won't give up my day job of design.
Katie Taylor - I'd like to thank everyone for all their support and prayers. I'm so humbled by that.
Katie Taylor - I think every fight is a tough fight, but I'm not settling for a bronze medal.
Katie Taylor - I love all sorts of food, chocolate especially. I eat well, but I like the odd Chinese, like anyone!
Katie Taylor - You're clearing your mind during a workout. Boxing is a great sport for girls; it's really safe.
Katie Taylor - I want to leave a great legacy behind me and continue to win major championships.
Katie Taylor - I don't really change much; there's not much I can do about the judging in front of a home crowd.
Katie Taylor - I do a good job of staying positive and just moving on.
Katie Taylor - Mental strength is something you either have or you haven't.
Katie Taylor - Anything other than a gold medal will be disappointing.
Katie Taylor - I'm just sorry I couldn't come home with a second Olympic gold medal.
Katrina Kaif - Dance has been a big passion for me.
Katrina Kaif - Love should be all about giving and trusting.
Katrina Kaif - I believe in destiny, God's hand and hard work.
Katrina Kaif - For me, physical beauty is never the reason for attraction to anyone.
Katrina Kaif - I will give my life to whoever in need, to any dear friend of mine.
Katrina Kaif - Nobody would be an actor if he/she were not charming at some level.
Katrina Kaif - I don't believe there is any point in holding on to too many things in life.
Katrina Kaif - I'd like to do an action film like Angelina Jolie's 'Salt.'
Katrina Kaif - You can try to plan your career, but not marriage.
Katrina Kaif - Luck and being honest and sincere about work has worked for me and helped me reach where I am.
Katy Perry - I'm a good girl because I really believe in love, integrity, and respect.
Katy Perry - I think it's great to dress up and play on all the girly features.
Katy Perry - I'm every woman. It takes a village to make me who I am.
Katy Perry - I'm happy, I'm in a good place, I'm looking forward to my future.
Katy Perry - My personality is up and down, sassy and cheeky.
Katy Perry - I don't need the Prince Charming to have my own happy ending.
Katy Perry - I fall in love every time. And I don't really fall in love a lot, but when I do, I fall hard.
Katy Perry - If you're presenting yourself with confidence, you can pull off pretty much anything.
Katy Perry - I didn't have a childhood.
Katy Perry - I come from a very non-accepting family, but I'm very accepting.
Kawhi Leonard - I don't like to bring attention to myself. I don't like to make a scene.
Kawhi Leonard - I've always liked home-cooked meals.
Kawhi Leonard - I'm not out here just for the money. I want to be a great player.
Kawhi Leonard - Oh man, I like Chevys.
Kawhi Leonard - I'm never trying to break a career high out there.
Kawhi Leonard - I'm always trying to come down with a win. That's what matters to me and my squad.
Kawhi Leonard - Winning is motivation.
Kawhi Leonard - I'm just a low-key guy.
Kawhi Leonard - When I'm away from basketball, I hang out with my friends, chill, and that's about it.
Kawhi Leonard - I just have to move forward and keep working on my game and getting better.
Kay Bailey Hutchison - My dad was a workaholic. I saw him work seven days a week.
Kay Bailey Hutchison - Saying you're from Texas makes you kind of proud.
Kay Bailey Hutchison - The traditional role of the Senate has been to be the adult in the room.
Kay Bailey Hutchison - I want to thank the people of Texas for asking me to represent them in Washington.
Kay Bailey Hutchison - I have always been able to rise above the expectations.
Kay Bailey Hutchison - Congress can't take the year off, election or no election.
Kay Bailey Hutchison - I am not a moderate. I am a conservative. I'm a fix-it conservative.
Kay Bailey Hutchison - We cannot afford to lose the Medicaid funding for low-income women.
Kay Bailey Hutchison - I have long believed taxpayers make better use of their money than the government ever could.
Kay Bailey Hutchison - Texans should not be taxed on our taxes.
Kay Redfield Jamison - Moods are complicated and very much a part of who we are. People would be very boring without them.
Kay Redfield Jamison - We expect well-informed treatment for cancer or heart disease; it matters no less for depression.
Kay Redfield Jamison - Confidentiality is an ancient and well-warranted social value.
Kay Redfield Jamison - With grief, you have reason to despair; it's a human thing.
Kay Redfield Jamison - Grief comes and goes, but depression is unremitting.
Kay Redfield Jamison - Nothing good comes out of depression.
Kay Redfield Jamison - Knowledge is marvelous, but wisdom is even better.
Kay Redfield Jamison - I say I'm an academic: a professor of psychiatry at Johns Hopkins. And I write.
Kay Redfield Jamison - 'An Unquiet Mind' wasn't hard to write in terms of the actual writing of it.
Kay Redfield Jamison - Scientists have made extraordinary advances in understanding the brain and its disorders.
Kazuo Ishiguro - There was another life that I might have had, but I am having this one.
Kazuo Ishiguro - All children have to be deceived if they are to grow up without trauma.
Kazuo Ishiguro - Now when I look back to the Guildford of that time, it seems far more exotic to me than Nagasaki.
Kazuo Ishiguro - The world is crawling with authors touring now. They're like performance artists.
Kazuo Ishiguro - People were incredibly kind to our family and went out of their way to help.
Kazuo Ishiguro - I want my words to survive translation.
Kazuo Ishiguro - I discovered that my imagination came alive when I moved away from the immediate world around me.
Kazuo Ishiguro - If you look at my last songs and first short stories, there is a real connection between them.
Kazuo Ishiguro - I like novelists who can create other interesting worlds.
Kazuo Ishiguro - I spent ages figuring out things like viewpoint, how you tell the story, and so on.
Keith Ellison - Progressive economic policies lead to a sustainable economy.
Keith Ellison - You have to knock doors, make calls, and build a relationship with voters long before Election Day.
Keith Ellison - Serving my neighbors in Congress and fighting for them has been the best job I've ever had.
Keith Ellison - Not voting is not a protest. It is a surrender.
Keith Ellison - We need more leaders speaking up for minority groups who have been marginalized and attacked.
Keith Ellison - Pragmatism is not always a good thing. Experience is not always a good thing.
Keith Ellison - I'm an energetic person. I work hard.
Keith Ellison - Americans used to be able to depend on their jobs to provide a stable retirement.
Keith Ellison - We're Americans - in times of crisis, we step up.
Keith Ellison - People spend money on negative campaigning because it works.
Keke Palmer - I never try to be too sexy. People know when you're not comfortable and trying to be sexy.
Keke Palmer - I work out. I'm getting toned, too. The Wii Fit really works your body. When I get off, I'm dying.
Keke Palmer - We need to stop separating ourselves by how dark or how light we are.
Keke Palmer - Not being happy really is my fear.
Keke Palmer - Staying stagnant is not okay.
Keke Palmer - I don't curl my hair. In fact, I don't know how to.
Keke Palmer - Singing was my first passion. Whenever I sing, I'm always so happy.
Keke Palmer - I love singing and I love performing and just making things perfect.
Keke Palmer - I love being in the studio. Expressing myself that way is really cool.
Keke Palmer - I can dance. I like hip hop and stuff and jazz movements, but I'm horrible in ballet. I tried.
Kellan Lutz - I love life way too much and find fun in almost anything. I'm a chameleon.
Kellan Lutz - I have no real tattoos. I wear my bruises and tons of scars as my tattoos.
Kellan Lutz - I'm really into extreme sports and just having fun.
Kellan Lutz - I love to read. I have a Kindle, and it's nice to be able to download books that people refer.
Kellan Lutz - I love the idea of marriage. I definitely want marriage and little Kellans running around.
Kellan Lutz - Actors strive to be part of something like 'Twilight' and what 'Twilight' is, is unbelievable.
Kellan Lutz - I could definitely take someone out with my bare hands.
Kellan Lutz - I probably have more friends from 'Twilight' than I've ever had in my whole life.
Kellan Lutz - I love someone who tries to boss me around.
Kellan Lutz - I did Hilary Duff's 'With Love' music video-slash-fragrance ad.
Kelly Clarkson - God will never give you anything you can't handle, so don't stress.
Kelly Clarkson - I never said I was a 'good girl.' I'm not a bad girl.
Kelly Clarkson - Everyone says I'm like the girl next door... Y'all must have really weird neighbors!
Kelly Clarkson - I'm a hygiene freak. I'm like obsessive-compulsive when it comes to washing your hands.
Kelly Clarkson - My winning is getting to perform. That's my victory.
Kelly Clarkson - Who are you wearing? Who are you wearing?
Kelly Clarkson - No matter what size I am I love performing no matter how big or little I am! I feel good.
Kelly Clarkson - I've never been more nervous in my life than singing the national anthem at the Super Bowl.
Kelly Clarkson - I just had my 30th birthday and we went turkey shooting. It's what I wanted to do, so we went.
Kelly Clarkson - Even though I'm a pop singer, I really have more the life of a country singer.
Kelly Ripa - I'm not a prettier everywoman. I am an everywoman that they clean up awfully well for T.V.
Kelly Ripa - I feel like my mind is a little quieter when I exercise.
Kelly Ripa - Please get on an airplane or a horse, because it's pretty spectacular.
Kelly Ripa - I had a picture-perfect childhood.
Kelly Ripa - I'll quit tanning when the satchel handle grows out of my back.
Kelly Ripa - If I feel any sort of emotional upheaval, I go for a jog and I feel better.
Kelly Ripa - If there's cheesecake in the house, I'll have some.
Kelly Ripa - I'd rather not have a moment when I'm known for my looks; being funny and interesting lasts longer.
Kelly Ripa - There's no such thing as an uber-mom.
Kelly Ripa - I get paid to make out with the hunks!
Kelly Wearstler - I love history... everything is inspired by history, so that's why I love vintage and antiques.
Kelly Wearstler - The single most important key to success is to be a good listener.
Kelly Wearstler - I look at every piece of furniture and every object as an individual sculpture.
Kelly Wearstler - Having an eye is one thing, but you have to be able to execute.
Kelly Wearstler - I am just a curious gal who is continuing to be curious.
Kelly Wearstler - The mixture of weird textures and organic surfaces creates an interesting dialogue.
Kelly Wearstler - I'm a designer, which includes interiors, architecture, fashion, furniture, and lifestyle.
Kelly Wearstler - I'm not the bake-sale-mom type - though once in a while, I'll make challah French toast for my sons.
Kelly Wearstler - Informed clients are better clients, and they make for better design.
Kelly Wearstler - There is a voice, and there is a DNA to how I design.
Kellyanne Conway - Women in my focus groups, they say a bald man is trustworthy. He has nothing to hide.
Kellyanne Conway - Voters deserve - and they indeed expect - a good debate on the issues.
Kellyanne Conway - I never knew how ugly and how stupid I was until, you know, we had Twitter.
Kellyanne Conway - I want to do right, apart from my gender - I want to do right as a campaign manager.
Kellyanne Conway - Donald Trump is at his very best, at his very best, when he talks about the issues.
Kellyanne Conway - I think that people have realized it's very unwise to bet against Donald Trump.
Kellyanne Conway - I tell people all the time, 'Don't be fooled, because I am a man by day.'
Kellyanne Conway - Most women say 'Please speak to me from the waist up: my brain, my eyes.'
Kellyanne Conway - Most political wives are accidental politicians.
Kellyanne Conway - Nothing creates a winner quite like earning it, not just inheriting it.
Kelsea Ballerini - There's value in being a normal person.
Kelsea Ballerini - I'm so weird and quirky, and painfully awkward sometimes.
Kelsea Ballerini - Music videos, to me, are like an extension of a song.
Kelsea Ballerini - Being a songwriter is really the base of being an artist, for me.
Kelsea Ballerini - Before I really knew country music, I listened to pop, and I still do.
Kelsea Ballerini - I wouldn't be an artist if I didn't have Shania Twain, Faith Hill, Taylor Swift to look up to.
Kelsea Ballerini - I would love to do a duet with Gavin Degraw. Or Ed Sheeran.
Kelsea Ballerini - I listen to everything. I sing country music, but I listen to different stuff.
Kelsea Ballerini - I starting writing when I was about 13 or 14 years old.
Kelsea Ballerini - I love pop music. I've tried to always be honest about that.
Ken Cuccinelli - It's hard to make me speechless.
Ken Cuccinelli - I don't go hunting with kings and princes.
Ken Cuccinelli - There's some bells you can't unring.
Ken Cuccinelli - I don't mind fighting as long as it's for a good cause.
Ken Cuccinelli - Every time you blow the whistle, half the people are going to be mad at you.
Ken Cuccinelli - I don't get to sue just because I don't like something.
Ken Cuccinelli - Senator Cruz has done well in Republican states.
Ken Cuccinelli - Every liberal position is built on a fallacy.
Ken Cuccinelli - I like being home for dinner.
Ken Cuccinelli - I don't play golf with presidents.
Ken Follett - A very good editor is almost a collaborator.
Ken Follett - I want to tell a story that makes the reader always want to see what will happen next.
Ken Follett - The CIA's research program is described in a book called The Search for the Manchurian Candidate.
Ken Follett - There is a real connection between Philosopy and fiction.
Ken Follett - Culture clash is terrific drama.
Ken Follett - I started writing stories in my spare time.
Ken Follett - Be a perfectionist.
Ken Follett - I enjoy learning technical details.
Ken Follett - Most of my stories have some basis in fact.
Ken Follett - Movies have influenced all writers, not just thriller writers.
Ken Jeong - It was my wife that insisted I do 'The Hangover.'
Ken Jeong - You just can't take the doctor out of you.
Ken Jeong - I wasn't sued out of medicine, I wasn't arbitrated out of the profession.
Ken Jeong - Sitcom food is by far the tastiest of all showbiz food.
Ken Jeong - I went to Duke, which is... a Top Five school. Not community college. But whatever.
Ken Jeong - I have a very simple approach in career: You work with the people you love.
Ken Jeong - I'm very blessed that I have such a supportive wife who is secure with letting me embarrass myself.
Ken Jeong - I'm not lying, every single project I've done, they've all been great.
Ken Jeong - I grew up in North Carolina, and I grew up on wrestling.
Ken Jeong - I always just loved to laugh. I always just loved it as a kid.
Ken Kesey - Fascism wants Baptism coast to coast.
Ken Kesey - Allen Ginsberg is a tremendous warrior as time goes by. He's a warrior first and a poet second.
Ken Kesey - Man, when you lose your laugh you lose your footing.
Ken Kesey - There's something about taking a plow and breaking new ground. It gives you energy.
Ken Kesey - People think love is an emotion. Love is good sense.
Ken Kesey - Loved. You can't use it in the past tense. Death does not stop that love at all.
Ken Kesey - You can't really be strong until you see a funny side to things.
Ken Kesey - To hell with facts! We need stories!
Ken Kesey - I was raised a Christian and was a stone-faced acid head.
Ken Kesey - I've been to too many Dead concerts. There've been smokin' holes where my memory used to be.
Ken Livingstone - Polling in a general election is pretty accurate, because turnout is usually high.
Ken Livingstone - Anybody who enjoys being in the House of Commons probably needs psychiatric help.
Ken Livingstone - World wide capitalism kills more people everyday then Hitler did. And he was crazy.
Ken Livingstone - Psephology isn't a hate crime.
Ken Livingstone - There isn't much about my life that's been particularly conventional.
Ken Livingstone - When I'm sifting the compost seed or pruning, I argue over issues in my head; I talk to myself.
Ken Livingstone - Most kids don't get to go their parents' wedding.
Ken Livingstone - The civil service are risk averse.
Ken Livingstone - My political beliefs are my moral, quasi-religious framework.
Ken Livingstone - I do the gardening.
Ken Thompson - In college, before video games, we would amuse ourselves by posing programming exercises.
Ken Thompson - In fact, we started off with two or three different shells and the shell had life of its own.
Ken Thompson - When in doubt, use brute force.
Ken Thompson - A well installed microcode bug will be almost impossible to detect.
Ken Thompson - I also have an idea for a book on biodiversity, and why and how we should be conserving it.
Ken Thompson - I wanted to have virtual memory, at least as it's coupled with file systems.
Ken Thompson - I wanted to separate data from programs, because data and instructions are very different.
Ken Thompson - It is only the inadequacy of the criminal code that saves the hackers from very serious prosecution.
Ken Thompson - No amount of source-level verification or scrutiny will protect you from using untrusted code.
Ken Thompson - On the one hand, the press, television, and movies make heroes of vandals by calling them whiz kids.
Kendall Jenner - My ideal prom date would have to be cute, funny, sweet, nice.
Kendall Jenner - When it rains, I have good energy; I'm in a good mood.
Kendall Jenner - I want to continue modeling and do the best that I can with that.
Kendall Jenner - My dream jobs would be Italian 'Vogue' and anything with Chanel!
Kendall Jenner - I really don't have a celebrity crush.
Kendall Jenner - I don't work with a trainer. I just go to cheerleading practice and run a couple times a week.
Kendall Jenner - In first grade, I told my friends I had a third story in my house filled with jewels and lions.
Kendall Jenner - My name is Kendall. Kendall Jenner. I am not a Kardashian.
Kendall Jenner - Modeling is my number one priority - one hundred percent.
Kendall Jenner - My parents taught me that work ethic is one of the most important keys in life, and I believe it.
Kendra Wilkinson - The best date would have to be at a sporting event - it will show the guy what type of girl she is.
Kendra Wilkinson - I believe in spirits, not ghosts.
Kendra Wilkinson - I can entertain. I am a party girl. I am a free spirit.
Kendra Wilkinson - You can't get more glamorous than you are on 'Dancing with the Stars.'
Kendra Wilkinson - I never, ever see myself as a celebrity or famous, so I poke fun at that.
Kendra Wilkinson - I live my life on TV - it's like a home video.
Kendra Wilkinson - I have nothing to hide.
Kendra Wilkinson - I have no shame.
Kendra Wilkinson - Anything negative, I have to let go because it's too toxic for me.
Kendra Wilkinson - I love being a comfortable person, but I'm very open. I'm not ashamed of myself and my beliefs.
Kenneth Branagh - Lighten up, just enjoy life, smile more, laugh more, and don't get so worked up about things.
Kenneth Branagh - I don't find myself so exercised by a desperation to be new.
Kenneth Branagh - I fondly remember good times working on 'Thor.'
Kenneth Branagh - Friendship is one of the most tangible things in a world which offers fewer and fewer supports.
Kenneth Branagh - Being Irish, I always had this love of words.
Kenneth Branagh - I think we love the escapism of something like 'Cinderella,' and I think we do with 'Thor.'
Kenneth Branagh - I've lived a lot of my life in London, so I often feel that I am a Londoner.
Kenneth Branagh - The elasticity of Shakespeare is extraordinary.
Kenneth Branagh - My definition of success is control.
Kenneth Branagh - It's very strange that the people you love are often the people you're most cruel to.
Kenneth Fisher - The stock market is a discounter of all known information.
Kenneth Fisher - Having different types of stocks in your portfolio can enhance returns.
Kenneth Fisher - China's stock market is inextricably tied to politics.
Kenneth Fisher - The world is filled with successful small businesses that stay small.
Kenneth Fisher - In a bubble, anyone who argues pessimistically is seen as crazy.
Kenneth Fisher - Readers regularly ask what can go wrong but almost never what could positively surprise.
Kenneth Fisher - Over rolling long periods, U.S. and non-U.S. stocks tend to equalize.
Kenneth Fisher - Despite its many critics, hydraulic fracturing will change the nature of energy production.
Kenneth Fisher - I've done well over time but made lots of mistakes, too. Learn from your mistakes.
Kenneth Fisher - A constant in my approach to investing: You should think politically but unconventionally.
Kenneth Langone - The biggest single challenge to America and our future is income inequality. We've got to fix it.
Kenneth Langone - A million dollars in the presidential election is a spit in the ocean. It's not a lot of money.
Kenneth Langone - I learned playing poker that you never count your winnings because that's when you start to lose.
Kenneth Langone - You only have to worry about going to jail if you break the law. That's pretty simple.
Kenneth Langone - Dick Grasso would be a superb mayor of the City of New York. He loves the city.
Kenneth Langone - I'm nuts, I'm rich, and boy, do I love a fight!
Kenneth Langone - Rich people in one country don't act the same as rich people in another country.
Kenneth Langone - America has thrived on capitalism, and America will thrive again on capitalism.
Kenneth Langone - We had 90 percent taxes before in America. All right? Didn't work.
Kenneth Langone - People can't live on $7.50 an hour.
Kenneth Lay - Our liquidity is fine. As a matter of fact, it's better than fine. It's strong.
Kenneth Lay - In the case of Enron, we balance our positions all the time.
Kenneth Lay - There are absolutely no problems that had anything to do with Jeff's departure.
Kenneth Lay - Jeff knew full well what he was walking away from. Again, he needed to deal with this right away.
Kenneth Lay - Am I a fool? I don't think I'm a fool. But I think I sure was fooled.
Kenneth Lay - We use competitive markets to arrange for delivery of our food supply.
Kenneth Lay - You'll have lower prices under deregulation than you will through regulation.
Kenneth Lay - We see ourselves as first helping to open up markets to competition.
Kenneth Lay - They can't do without electricity. They can do with less electricity.
Kenneth Lay - But I can't take responsibility for criminal conduct of somebody inside the company.
Kenny Chesney - I think there is a part of life that I'm missing.
Kenny Chesney - My mind is constantly going. For me to completely relax, I gotta get rid of my cell phone.
Kenny Chesney - I'm like a shark. I've got to be constantly moving.
Kenny Chesney - I'll admit I'm a workaholic.
Kenny Chesney - The last couple of years I've been on an empty tank. And that's gotta change.
Kenny Chesney - I have 120 employees on the road every day, and about 30 other employees off the road.
Kenny Chesney - I guess what I'm trying to say is, I'm a helluva kisser.
Kenny Chesney - I don't think I ever feel sexy. I don't think that's for me to decide, if I'm sexy or not.
Kenny Chesney - First and foremost, I consider myself a songwriter.
Kenny Chesney - I want there to be a level of respect between everybody.
Kenny G - I've learned that you simply can't control those bad vibes.
Kenny G - The Moment is an album that contains the best music I have ever produced.
Kenny G - I really create everything I do from the heart.
Kenny G - Just because people play songs with great technique doesn't mean the records are better.
Kenny G - If I even lose my glasses or make a mistake. I become really disappointed in myself.
Kenny G - There are a few countries that, for whatever reason, really enjoy listening to my music.
Kenny G - It wasn't until Duotones that I felt my true voice come out.
Kenny G - Finally, I was no longer a student and was making music for myself.
Kenny G - The whole rise of new adult contemporary music and smooth jazz was a nice surprise.
Kenny G - That's my ideal day, time with my boys.
Kenny Rogers - You gotta know when to hold 'em, know when to fold 'em, know when to walk away, know when to run.
Kenny Rogers - People will clap to be nice. They will not laugh to be nice.
Kenny Rogers - Don't be afraid to give up the good for the great.
Kenny Rogers - I've always said music should make you laugh, make you cry or make you think.
Kenny Rogers - I was raised in the church.
Kenny Rogers - Growing older is not upsetting; being perceived as old is.
Kenny Rogers - Know when to hold 'um, know when to fold 'um and know when to walk away from cameramen.
Kenny Rogers - There is a trade off - as you grow older you gain wisdom but you lose spontaneity.
Kenny Rogers - I had holes in my jeans well before it was fashionable.
Kenny Rogers - I've always said that gray hair looks good on everybody but yourself. To me, it makes me look old.
Kerri Walsh Jennings - My mom is a constant in my life in so many ways.
Kerri Walsh Jennings - Growing up, Michael Jordan was my Olympic hero.
Kerri Walsh Jennings - In my heart, I'm so far from done.
Kerri Walsh Jennings - There's only one way to prepare for playing beach volleyball, and that's by getting in the sand.
Kerri Walsh Jennings - No one behind you gets the appreciation they deserve.
Kerri Walsh Jennings - I want to win a gold medal in London.
Kerri Walsh Jennings - The advice I will give my children, if and when they have Olympic aspirations, will be to go for it.
Kerri Walsh Jennings - I used to sleep, eat, breathe volleyball. Now I have that with my kids.
Kerri Walsh Jennings - Generally, I'll have three training sessions a day.
Kerri Walsh Jennings - We're a pretty open-book family; we kind of lead with our hearts. There's nothing to hide.
Kerry King - It's a new perspective where I got a role in and they are just spewed out of my mouth.
Kerry King - My first figure was a SLAYER eagle. And the dragons and the tribals are all I have got.
Kerry King - When something irritates me, I don't go home and write; I just don't do that.
Kerry King - I think the church and the religion right now have a lot more to be worried about than SLAYER.
Kerry King - In the crazy world of touring, if something gets stuck at customs, I can do a show with just my amp!
Kerry King - I have tons of friends in the heavy-metal music world, and just going to see them inspires me.
Kerry King - Of course we are doing this primarily for ourselves, but I know our fans dig most of it, too.
Kerry King - The worst thing about touring is the travel.
Kerry King - I play loud onstage for my own benefit as I like. But I'm not too fond of the P.A. either.
Kerry King - I'm always using a towel around my head. Airports don't worry about me.
Kerry Washington - You may not be thinking about politics, but politics is thinking about you.
Kerry Washington - As a young girl, my real dream was to be the woman in the shows at SeaWorld.
Kerry Washington - I grew up in New York, so I fell in love with acting on a stage, not in front of a camera.
Kerry Washington - I would wear pajamas to work every day if it were up to me.
Kerry Washington - I choose to feel optimistic, because I don't think I could get out of bed if I didn't.
Kerry Washington - I bring something to the table as a woman; I bring something to the table as a woman of color.
Kerry Washington - Shoes define how you walk in the world and how you stand: like, what is your posture in life?
Kerry Washington - I'm a person who's always been politically active and passionate about people's rights.
Kerry Washington - I'm always working. My cousins call me the longshoreman of actors.
Kerry Washington - I don't talk about my personal life in the press; that's how I kept my wedding a secret.
Kesha - Glitter is my makeup of choice.
Kesha - When you're around me, you're going to get glitter on you.
Kesha - Be yourself. Unapologetically.
Kesha - Just because I'm sassy and have a mouth on me doesn't mean I'm coming from a negative place.
Kesha - I have haters. I have so many haters.
Kesha - I deal with haters on a daily basis.
Kesha - I want a pig. I want a pig on a leash. A baby pig on a leash.
Kesha - You really can't stereotype people or put them in boxes, it's unfair.
Kesha - I wouldn't have a No. 1 record or song if I wasn't a hardworking person.
Kesha - I went through awkward, chubby, total weirdo phases.
Kevin Bacon - Before Footloose, the things I'd done weren't cute. In Diner I was an alcoholic.
Kevin Bacon - Things could be worse. You remember that, and you go on with your life.
Kevin Bacon - I'd love to be a pop idol. Of course, my groupies are now between 40 and 50.
Kevin Bacon - A good director creates an environment, which gives the actor the encouragement to fly.
Kevin Bacon - I always wanted, and still aspire, to be something more than just one thing, just one performance.
Kevin Bacon - I have a natural swagger.
Kevin Bacon - I'm obsessed with zombies. I like watching zombie movies and I read zombie books.
Kevin Bacon - With a lot of actors, you've got to chip through the surface to see who the real person is.
Kevin Bacon - I started working in the mid-to-late Seventies, when television was not what it is now.
Kevin Bacon - I used to live on Riverside Park in New York, on the Upper West Side.
Kevin Connolly - Believe me, I've taken a lot of heat for my mustache.
Kevin Connolly - You don't want to miss out on something and feel like an idiot.
Kevin Connolly - My agent hates my directing career!
Kevin Connolly - I'm proud of where I'm from. I'm proud of Long Island.
Kevin Connolly - It's amazing what we remember as sports fans, right?
Kevin Connolly - I'm a nostalgic guy.
Kevin Connolly - I think most people are afraid of what they don't know.
Kevin Connolly - I got no entourage in real life. Solo. I go solo. No entourage.
Kevin Connolly - The truth of the matter is, I'm a filmmaker.
Kevin Connolly - There are people who didn't like 'The Departed,' you know?
Kevin Costner - Being a celebrity is probably the closest to being a beautiful woman as you can get.
Kevin Costner - If it's going to be wrecked, I want to make sure I wreck it.
Kevin Costner - You're this rat in the American maze, working your way towards the cheese, which is a job.
Kevin Costner - I'm a pretty convenient foil for a lot of people.
Kevin Costner - I haven't tried to buffer myself. I like rolling the dice.
Kevin Costner - I don't think I ever take huge risks, though I'm not scared of doing so.
Kevin Costner - If you don't understand your limitations you won't achieve much in your life.
Kevin Costner - Failure doesn't kill you... it increases your desire to make something happen.
Kevin Costner - I split my time between Santa Barbara and Aspen. I live on a pretty fast horse.
Kevin Costner - I don't have a seller's remorse about how I've lived.
Kevin Durant - I look at my jersey and see the NBA logo, I'm like, 'I didn't think I'd be here.'
Kevin Durant - With everything I do, I just try to be myself.
Kevin Durant - You know, I don't want to stand out too much.
Kevin Durant - I always want to win because I never want to sit out on the sidelines outside.
Kevin Durant - You know, I think more people should watch women's basketball. It'd do so much for the game.
Kevin Durant - When people are used to you doing something, they want you to stay in that lane.
Kevin Durant - My time is now.
Kevin Durant - My style has changed and evolved mainly because I've grown to have more confidence in myself.
Kevin Durant - I'm not a guy that's going to brag or feel like I'm better than the group.
Kevin Durant - I Tweeted Keri Hilson the other day and she actually wrote back! I was so excited.
Kevin Garnett - I learned one thing - never hate a positive option.
Kevin Garnett - Playing video games is something I enjoy in my spare time. I'm a gamer, always have been.
Kevin Garnett - We have to do the impossible, but it is possible.
Kevin Garnett - I have a problem sometimes with being too hyper.
Kevin Garnett - Some of my friends snowmobile. I'm a little scared of it.
Kevin Garnett - Coaching takes patience. I'm more enthused when teaching players who want it versus when I have to.
Kevin Garnett - I'm very simple. I'm not for the flashes, I'm not for glitz and glamour, you know.
Kevin Garnett - There are a lot of things that frustrate me. I get frustrated when I have to wait at a red light.
Kevin Garnett - I don't play to sweat, I play to win.
Kevin Garnett - I can't control if people like me; I can't control if people like my game.
Kevin Gates - When you stand for something, you've got to stand for it all the way, not half way.
Kevin Gates - True wealth is not of the pocket, but of the heart and of the mind.
Kevin Gates - I have trouble with letting go. That's my problem.
Kevin Gates - My skin is 24 karat gold when a sun hit it.
Kevin Gates - I adapt and I adjust to whatever environment I'm in.
Kevin Gates - I don't let the left hand know what the right hand is doing.
Kevin Gates - Life is about conduct and how we conduct ourselves. But two wrongs never make a right.
Kevin Gates - I like Peter Tosh, Bob Marley of course. All of Capleton, Sizzla, Frisco Kid, Buju Banton.
Kevin Gates - I don't want no handouts. I want to get it out the mud.
Kevin Gates - I always wanted a family.
Kevin James - There's no better feeling in the world than a warm pizza box on your lap.
Kevin James - Thanksgiving, man. Not a good day to be my pants.
Kevin James - I never played music, but it's an important thing ... the studying, the inspiration.
Kevin James - A song can take you to a special time in your life.
Kevin James - I never played a musical instrument growing up but I knew kids who did and took it very seriously.
Kevin James - I've always had something in my heart where I root for guys who struggle with women.
Kevin James - I just want to put some positive stuff out there. If it works, great. If it doesn't, no problem.
Kevin James - I took a public speaking class in college and managed to make the class laugh a little bit.
Kevin James - It's always cool to meet people who can do things that you have no capacity to do.
Kevin James - I think I invented the phrase 'Don't overdo it.'
Kevin Kwan - One of the dreams on my wish list is to spend more time in Thailand.
Kevin Kwan - If you're the water boiler king of China, you're selling a billion water boilers.
Kevin Kwan - No matter our background, we all have crazy families.
Kevin Kwan - At least when it comes to food, there's no snobbery in Singapore.
Kevin Kwan - I was born in Singapore, and I lived there until I was 12. I had a very fortunate upbringing.
Kevin Kwan - I'm not revealing any deep, hidden secret that there are wealthy people in Asia.
Kevin Kwan - To me, families are fascinating. I choose to explore it through comedy and through comic situations.
Kevin Kwan - There's always been this tradition of satirizing these rich groups of people.
Kevin Kwan - Canada has become such a staging area for Chinese money.
Kevin Kwan - People have always been fascinated by the foibles of the wealthy and privileged.
Kevin McCarthy - My belief is you have one chance to make a first impression.
Kevin McCarthy - I don't live in D.C. I keep an air mattress in my office.
Kevin McCarthy - Small business creates more jobs than large corporations.
Kevin McCarthy - America is nation of people striving to make life better for themselves and for their families.
Kevin McCarthy - I believe in a free market of ideas and not shying away from debate.
Kevin McCarthy - Black holes destroy any objects that happen to fall victim to their gravitational pull.
Kevin McCarthy - When gross public debt exceeds 90 percent of GDP, economic growth tends to decline considerably.
Kevin McCarthy - We can't be afraid to call the enemy what it is: Radical Islamic terrorism.
Kevin McCarthy - I don't come from an Ivy League school or anywhere else.
Kevin McCarthy - My family was not Republicans. I'm the youngest. I came to this party based upon choice.
Kevin McCloud - I cannot look at modern buildings without thinking of historical ones.
Kevin McCloud - The more of your private life you put into the public domain, the smaller your private life becomes.
Kevin McCloud - I don't enjoy living in a white box flooded with light. I like shadows, small spaces, old furniture.
Kevin McCloud - Life involves other people and it is a compromise.
Kevin McCloud - Your home should be about enriching the daily experience.
Kevin McCloud - There's no reason for your imagination to be fettered by money.
Kevin McCloud - Generally speaking, I think that if you do anything with commitment and passion, it will come good.
Kevin McCloud - Every breath we take as human beings damages the planet.
Kevin McCloud - My father, an engineer, was the gentlest man I knew.
Kevin McCloud - One mustn't mistake bling for excellence, just as one mustn't mistake quiet for mediocre.
Kevin Mitnick - At the end of the day, my goal was to be the best hacker.
Kevin Mitnick - The hacker mindset doesn't actually see what happens on the other side, to the victim.
Kevin Mitnick - To some people I'll always be the bad guy.
Kevin Mitnick - Should we fear hackers? Intention is at the heart of this discussion.
Kevin Mitnick - My primary goal of hacking was the intellectual curiosity, the seduction of adventure.
Kevin Mitnick - A hacker doesn't deliberately destroy data or profit from his activities.
Kevin Mitnick - Of course I'm sure half the people there hate me and half the people like me.
Kevin Mitnick - As a young boy, I was taught in high school that hacking was cool.
Kevin Mitnick - So the ethic I was taught in school resulted in the path I chose in my life following school.
Kevin Mitnick - I was an accomplished computer trespasser. I don't consider myself a thief.
Kevin Nealon - I learned how to draw from being bored in school. I would doodle on the margins of my paper.
Kevin Nealon - When you discover that you are going to have a child, it stirs up memories of your own childhood.
Kevin Nealon - It is a great rush to come up with a joke that gets a good response from the audience. It's gold!
Kevin Nealon - Basically, I'm a people pleaser who has a knack for disappointing.
Kevin Nealon - If people can't deal with their problems, they numb themselves a little bit.
Kevin Nealon - A lot of baby boomers are baby bongers.
Kevin Nealon - If you want a transcript of tonight's program, get a pen and write down everything I said.
Kevin Nealon - Never wear a red t-shirt to Target. I enjoy helping people, but not every two minutes.
Kevin Nealon - Don't play dead with a vulture. That's exactly what they want.
Kevin Nealon - I have a wandering eye and a lazy eye so they cancel each other out. It's a push.
Kevin O'Leary - If you want a friend, buy a dog.
Kevin O'Leary - There's only one side with me. You get the right side. You get the correct version of the facts.
Kevin O'Leary - I keep anywhere between 5-10 percent of my net worth in venture ideas.
Kevin O'Leary - I'm not trying to make friends, I'm trying to make money.
Kevin O'Leary - Don't call me, I'll call you... I'm out.
Kevin O'Leary - Don't cry about money, it never cries for you.
Kevin O'Leary - My worst fashion faux pas: probably orange shoes with white pants. I thought I looked spectacular.
Kevin O'Leary - Money equals freedom.
Kevin O'Leary - If a man could give birth it would be to a book - it's an 18-month gestation period.
Kevin O'Leary - If a manager can't control his costs, fire them.
Kevin Pietersen - Everyone is into male grooming.
Kevin Pietersen - It's tough being me.
Kevin Pietersen - I have principles in my professional and personal life as to how things are done.
Kevin Pietersen - It's the weight of expectation that's the hardest to deal with, really, from my point of view.
Kevin Pietersen - Once you have the support of the lads around you, you can't ask for any more.
Kevin Pietersen - The hardest thing is that you can't trust people now. You just can't.
Kevin Pietersen - It's not fun facing a ball going 97 mph, trust me.
Kevin Pietersen - Big players want to play in front of big audiences.
Kevin Pietersen - I love England and I love cricket.
Kevin Pietersen - I've realised I can be happy.
Kevin Plank - I believe people change. I think that they can learn from mistakes.
Kevin Plank - I've always been a hustler.
Kevin Plank - The purpose of Disneyland is to make people smile.
Kevin Plank - Motivation, passion, and focus have to come from the top.
Kevin Plank - I'm usually a pretty intense person. Give me an inch, and I'm going to go.
Kevin Plank - I'm a big advocate of the power of positive thinking, particularly for small businesses.
Kevin Plank - Your attitude is contagious.
Kevin Plank - Any self-respecting entrepreneur has borrowed money from their mother at some point.
Kevin Plank - When you're winning, you're creating a dynasty.
Kevin Plank - Everyone must have a voice, and everyone deserves clarity.
Kevin Smith - Dudes know I'm not a threat. Chicks know I'm not a threat.
Kevin Smith - All these people who say success changes people; well, no, it just magnifies what's there.
Kevin Smith - It's like a dream come true. When somebody is paying you to talk about yourself, you've won.
Kevin Smith - In Hollywood you just fail upwards.
Kevin Smith - The older you get, the more you realize you cannot win on the Internet.
Kevin Smith - If you're lucky, you go from being a movie fan to a movie maker.
Kevin Smith - Any book is a self-help guide if you can take something from it.
Kevin Smith - Long time no see. I only pray the caliber of your questions has improved.
Kevin Smith - If there was no Internet, my career would have ended in 1995.
Kevin Smith - Indie film isn't dead, it just grew up.
Kevin Systrom - It's funny: I was a photographer before I was a programmer.
Kevin Systrom - Do what you love, and do it well - that's much more meaningful than any metric.
Kevin Systrom - I grew up as a photo nut. Every Christmas I would get a new camera. It's a huge part of my life.
Kevin Systrom - Great products sell themselves.
Kevin Systrom - I believe photos is one of the underlying things in every social network that becomes successful.
Kevin Systrom - Instagram is a media company. I think we're about visual media.
Kevin Systrom - I care deeply about craft: the quality of how something is made and the experience it enables.
Kevin Systrom - Someone once described entrepreneurship to me as a series of happy accidents.
Kevin Systrom - 'Instagram' is definitely becoming a new entertainment source for people day after day.
Kevin Systrom - 'Instagram' reached 13 million users in just 13 months.
Kevyn Aucoin - Perfection is boring. If a face doesn't have mistakes, it's nothing.
Kevyn Aucoin - I'd rather have huge success and huge failures than travel in the middle of the road.
Kevyn Aucoin - Beauty has a lot to do with character.
Kevyn Aucoin - Growing up, my ideals were Barbra Streisand, Cher, and my mom.
Kevyn Aucoin - I spent much of my life hiding.
Kevyn Aucoin - I'm very passionate about what I do.
Kevyn Aucoin - Soon I realized that if beauty equalled forgiveness, I was never going to be forgiven.
Kevyn Aucoin - Today I see beauty everywhere I go, in every face I see, in every single soul.
Kevyn Aucoin - Yes, but everyone is beautiful to someone.
Kevyn Aucoin - I was absolutely lost in love and life when I did my drawings. Time stood still.
Khaled Hosseini - People find meaning and redemption in the most unusual human connections.
Khaled Hosseini - I give novels as gifts, and there is nothing I like to receive more as a gift.
Khaled Hosseini - Literary fiction is kept alive by women. Women read more fiction, period.
Khaled Hosseini - For a novelist, it's kind of an onerous burden to represent an entire culture.
Khaled Hosseini - Writing for me is largely about rewriting.
Khaled Hosseini - I'm so fascinated by how people destroy each other and love each other.
Khaled Hosseini - You have to be able to interact with people whose politics you disagree with.
Khaled Hosseini - Afghan people are just so tired of war.
Khaled Hosseini - I was told bedtime stories by my father or my grandmother. Books, I mostly read on my own in bed.
Khaled Hosseini - You don't need a cheerleader. That's the worst thing that can happen to you.
Khloe Kardashian - Fitness is not about being better than someone else... It's about being better than you used to be.
Khloe Kardashian - I'm strong and fearless and not afraid to take risks in business.
Khloe Kardashian - You can say you're sorry 5,000 times, but that doesn't mean you mean it.
Khloe Kardashian - Everyone expects me to be 9 feet tall and weigh 200 pounds when they meet me.
Khloe Kardashian - The bikini waxing, after we go there you can't turn back.
Khloe Kardashian - I just let my hair go - if there's no hairdresser around I really can't be bothered!
Khloe Kardashian - My weight fluctuates, like any normal girl, and I have times when I feel insecure.
Khloe Kardashian - I have candles, pictures and flowers on my nightstand... and of course a lamp!
Khloe Kardashian - I've learned from experience you just never know what happens in life.
Khloe Kardashian - I'm Armenian, but I'm very fair and I look white... I would always get such hate about it.
Kid Rock - Detroit: Cars and rock 'n' roll. Not a bad combo.
Kid Rock - Two of my grandparents died in a car crash. Sucks, 'cause they would have lived to a hundred.
Kid Rock - I love to be pushed so I can prove myself, because once again, I will.
Kid Rock - My take on rap is driven by straightforward American southern rock and blues.
Kid Rock - Go where you're celebrated, not tolerated. I'm celebrated in Detroit.
Kid Rock - Getting married was a ball. Being married was... a nightmare.
Kid Rock - All girls want to be sexy.
Kid Rock - I want as many people as possible to hear my music. I'm happy to entertain people by being a star.
Kid Rock - I've always made music from the heart, and that's what I do.
Kid Rock - I think what I've learned out of this lifetime is you should be proud of where you come from.
Kim Campbell - Canada is the homeland of equality, justice and tolerance.
Kim Campbell - For too many, to work means having less income.
Kim Campbell - I know Quebecers don't want to relive old battles; they prefer to build for the future.
Kim Campbell - I believe it is time for new leadership that is able to leave the '70s behind.
Kim Campbell - There is no greater honour than to serve Canadians.
Kim Campbell - I'd be prouder still to say I was Canada's 10th woman prime minister.
Kim Campbell - Government cannot and must not replace private initiative.
Kim Campbell - The world has changed profoundly since our programs were first established.
Kim Campbell - I have always believed governments must adapt to the needs of the people, not the other way around.
Kim Campbell - Canadians want to see real hope restored, not false hopes raised.
Kim Cattrall - Really rejoice in being yourself. Have your own drumbeat.
Kim Cattrall - Theatre can't be done again and again and again and again - it's organic.
Kim Cattrall - I feel so much at home onstage and so comfortable in my body.
Kim Cattrall - I don't express a lot of things that I feel; I kind of register things.
Kim Cattrall - When I feel lost and can't make a decision, I just stop and get quiet. I take a time-out.
Kim Cattrall - I always assumed that like my mother before me, one day I would have children.
Kim Cattrall - I like my life. It's good.
Kim Cattrall - Being a gossip reporter just isn't a respectable job. It'll chew you up and spit you out.
Kim Cattrall - In my life and career I want to embrace ageing because I think that's what's interesting.
Kim Cattrall - I've been dieting my whole life because I have a tremendous appetite.
Kim Gordon - Anyone becomes mannered if you think too much about what other people think.
Kim Gordon - It's amazing how many things you can do when you're just pretending.
Kim Gordon - Everyone's so interior now, they're not really looking around them. They're on their phones.
Kim Gordon - I just happened to start playing music for the conceptual ideas.
Kim Gordon - I try not to think too much about what the audience is thinking and what they think I should do.
Kim Gordon - It's really hard for me to sing and play bass.
Kim Gordon - Rap music is really good when you're traumatized.
Kim Gordon - Sometimes I think fashion is more of a conversation between men than it is for women.
Kim Gordon - I never thought about doing anything other than making art.
Kim Gordon - I like the adrenaline of playing improv - it makes me feel really calm.
Kimbal Musk - Our family are all very hard working.
Kimbal Musk - Boulder should be next to the word 'community' in the dictionary.
Kimbal Musk - Nikola Tesla spent one of his most productive years in Colorado Springs.
Kimbal Musk - I was very afraid of failure because if you fail at something you love, then you ruin what you love.
Kimbal Musk - Users are open to ads as long as they're relevant to their realtime experience.
Kimbal Musk - The idea behind fast food is great - people want convenience.
Kimbal Musk - Start with the young, work with them until they are adults, and they will demand real food.
Kimbal Musk - Kids gave Elon a very hard time, and it had a huge impact on his life.
Kimbal Musk - Food is the new Internet.
Kimbal Musk - The Kitchen's mission is to strengthen communities by bringing local, real food to everyone.
Kimberly Guilfoyle - Work hard. Through determination and self-focus and discipline, you can accomplish anything.
Kimberly Guilfoyle - If you put your mind to it, anything is possible.
Kimberly Guilfoyle - You've got to be inclusive.
Kimberly Guilfoyle - Continual, intentional, or snarky putdowns have no place in a healthy relationship.
Kimberly Guilfoyle - I enjoyed giving back to the city I was born and raised in.
Kimberly Guilfoyle - Sure, our legal system has its flaws, but it is the best legal system in the world.
Kimberly Guilfoyle - I am a strong woman. I come from a background as a prosecutor.
Kimberly Guilfoyle - I can never resist the good stuff: salami, pepperoni, you name it. I love it all.
Kimberly Guilfoyle - Everyone loves to feast their eyes on Times Square on New Year's Eve.
Kimberly Guilfoyle - Roger Ailes, he's incredible. He's the one that created 'The Five' and came up with the idea for it.
Kimora Lee Simmons - My family is the most important thing to me.
Kimora Lee Simmons - I'm a girl's girl. I'm a woman's woman. I'm a cool girl.
Kimora Lee Simmons - I try not to be neurotic; I try to create and present healthy body image.
Kimora Lee Simmons - You can never control other people. You can only control yourself. I have definitely learned that.
Kimora Lee Simmons - It's not always about the money and the fame, and a lot of people think that it is sometimes.
Kimora Lee Simmons - I have a really big mouth, I have a lot of opinions and I will be heard.
Kimora Lee Simmons - Fabulosity. It's a state of being.
Kimora Lee Simmons - Yes, I'm quirky, loud and crazy.
Kimora Lee Simmons - For me it's always God, family, and then my work.
Kimora Lee Simmons - I'm lucky, always hopeful... I love my life.
King Solomon - A friend loveth at all times, and a brother is born for adversity.
King Solomon - All the rivers run into the sea; yet the sea is not full.
King Solomon - Kindness and faithfulness keep a king safe, through kindness his throne is made secure.
King Solomon - As iron sharpens iron, so a friend sharpens a friend.
King Solomon - Your own soul is nourished when you are kind; it is destroyed when you are cruel.
King Solomon - A fool is wise in his eyes.
King Solomon - A good name is rather to be chosen than riches.
King Solomon - A merry heart maketh a cheerful countenance.
King Solomon - In the day of prosperity be joyful, but in the day of adversity consider.
King Solomon - Do not rebuke mockers, or they will hate you; rebuke the wise, and they will love you.
Kinky Friedman - Money can buy you a fine dog, but only love can make him wag his tail.
Kinky Friedman - Beauty is in the eye of the beer holder.
Kinky Friedman - You struggle with your demons and you conquer them.
Kinky Friedman - Politics is the only field in which the more experience you have, the worse you get.
Kinky Friedman - Remember: Y'all is singular. All y'all is plural. All y'all's is plural possessive.
Kinky Friedman - You have to pretend that your life is a financial pleasure even when your autographs are bouncing.
Kinky Friedman - I admit to drinking it, but I did not swallow.
Kinky Friedman - I'm too young for Medicare and too old for women to care.
Kinky Friedman - How can you look at the Texas legislature and still believe in intelligent design?
Kinky Friedman - I don't apologize to people who try to intimidate.
Kirby Smart - It's very important that we don't make the same mistakes twice. That's a big part of improvement.
Kirby Smart - At the end of the day, you have to go out on the grass and perform.
Kirby Smart - I'm a big believer in your offensive limitations come from your quarterback.
Kirby Smart - There's nothing worse than recruiting a player and then leaving the player.
Kirby Smart - What you have success with, you feel comfortable with, you always rely on that a little bit.
Kirby Smart - When you talk about the SEC, you never get a chance to rest.
Kirby Smart - I don't recruit against Nick Saban. I recruit for the University of Georgia.
Kirby Smart - My family's so happy in Tuscaloosa. My wife loves it.
Kirby Smart - I moved seven times the first seven years I coached.
Kirby Smart - I could finish my career being a defensive coordinator and say, 'Hey, he's Mickey Andrews.'
Kirk Cameron - I believe that freedom of speech and freedom of religion go hand-in-hand in America.
Kirk Cameron - I love all people; I hate no one.
Kirk Cameron - It does grieve me to think there are people misunderstanding my heart on an issue.
Kirk Cameron - I'm not perfect in my walk but I want to do the right thing.
Kirk Cameron - I could have anything I wanted and if I didn't have it, it was because I didn't want it.
Kirk Cameron - Do I support the idea of gay marriage? No, I don't.
Kirk Cameron - To me, God comes first, my family come second. If I fail at those two, I'm just playing games.
Kirk Cameron - If my kid came to me and said 'I'm gay,' I'd say, 'Son, I love you.'
Kirk Cameron - Our first priority is our kids.
Kirk Cameron - God's advice trumps Oprah's every time.
Kirk Douglas - Love has more depth as you get older.
Kirk Douglas - The learning process continues until the day you die.
Kirk Douglas - I didn't start out to be a movie star. I started out to be an actor.
Kirk Douglas - In order to achieve anything you must be brave enough to fail.
Kirk Douglas - If you want to know about a man you can find out an awful lot by looking at who he married.
Kirk Douglas - I guess I was a bad boy... Yes, yes, I've had lots of women in my life.
Kirk Douglas - I didn't think I was so tough until I did 'Champion'; then I was a tough guy.
Kirk Douglas - Why can't a woman be more like a dog, huh? So sweet, loving, attentive.
Kirk Douglas - I came from abject poverty. There was nowhere to go but up.
Kirk Douglas - Acting is a youthful profession.
Kirk Hammett - My guitars are my umbilical cord. They're directly wired into my head.
Kirk Hammett - A life lived unexplored is a life not worth living.
Kirk Hammett - Just because you know umpteen billion scales, it doesn't mean you have to use them all in a solo.
Kirk Hammett - I think it's morally wrong to keep someone away from what keeps him happy.
Kirk Hammett - I think it goes without saying that a lot of big horror fans are just nerds and geeks.
Kirk Hammett - I've been into horror movies ever since I was five years old.
Kirk Hammett - If a guitar is too easy for me to play, it makes me too laid back. I like to battle with my guitar.
Kirk Hammett - Guitar playing is both extremely easy for me and extremely difficult for me at the same time.
Kirk Hammett - Everyone has a side to them that's kind of unexplained and feels misunderstood.
Kirk Hammett - I love 'True Blood.' I love 'The Walking Dead.' Those are fantastic series.
Kirsten Dunst - I'm very mature for my age, but I'm also innocent in a lot of ways.
Kirsten Dunst - I don't try to be sexy, but if you are sexy it comes out. If you're not, you're not.
Kirsten Dunst - When you feel good is when you're not afraid to feel the worst.
Kirsten Dunst - I wanted to get an angel wings tatooed on my back, as a guardian thing.
Kirsten Dunst - I'd like to grow up and be beautiful. I know it doesn't matter, but it doesn't hurt.
Kirsten Dunst - Confidence is very sexy. You could be not cute at all and have such confidence.
Kirsten Dunst - I just want to be a good friend to people, that's all.
Kirsten Dunst - You can never get enough of 'Jeopardy.'
Kirsten Dunst - I never read comics as a kid. I guess I was lazy and watched cartoons instead.
Kirsten Dunst - I don't find I'm manic at all. I'm very chill.
Kirstie Alley - I don't believe you have to have eating disorders and mental illness to screw up.
Kirstie Alley - My food demons are Chinese food, sugar, butter.
Kirstie Alley - I never did go back to acting class. I was too busy working.
Kirstie Alley - There's always somebody older, richer, more desperate than you.
Kirstie Alley - There's a lot more to life than how fat or thin you are.
Kirstie Alley - No matter what parents do, kids retain their uniqueness.
Kirstie Alley - I probably spend more time with my kids than the average stay-at-home mother.
Kirstie Alley - I don't smoke pot. I never liked it.
Kirstie Alley - I couldn't care less about sex unless I meet someone who I think is wonderful.
Kirstie Alley - I've been irresponsible many, many, many times and that has resulted in my being fat.
Klaus Kinski - One should judge a man mainly from his depravities. Virtues can be faked. Depravities are real.
Klaus Kinski - I don't need anybody to tell me how to be alive.
Klaus Kinski - People who do not see the terrible things therefore do not see the beautiful things, either.
Klaus Kinski - The ultimate acting is to destroy yourself.
Klaus Kinski - You don't need a framework. You need a painting, not a frame.
Klaus Kinski - You leap over the wall of one ghetto and find yourself in another ghetto.
Klaus Kinski - It is the Nobel Prize I want. It's worth $400,000.
Klaus Kinski - Fun? There is no fun.
Klaus Kinski - Where a beast would have claws, I was born with talent.
Klaus Kinski - I am not the Jesus of the official church tolerated by those in power. I am not your superstar.
Knute Rockne - I'm getting sick and tired of doing anything half-way.
Knute Rockne - Win or lose, do it fairly.
Knute Rockne - A coach's greatest asset is his sense of responsibility - the reliance placed on him by his players.
Knute Rockne - Show me a good and gracious loser and I'll show you a failure.
Knute Rockne - One man practicing sportsmanship is far better than a hundred teaching it.
Knute Rockne - Drink the first. Sip the second slowly. Skip the third.
Knute Rockne - Let's win one for the Gipper.
Knute Rockne - Build up your weaknesses until they become your strong points.
Knute Rockne - There is no need for me continuing unless I'm able to improve.
Knute Rockne - Play like you're positive on the victory, even though they're leading big now.
Kodi Smit-McPhee - When I know I'm not doing any auditions, I go to the skate park on my scooter or my bike.
Kodi Smit-McPhee - I really like driving cars. I love car games.
Kodi Smit-McPhee - My friends in Australia, they grew up with me acting, so they're used to it.
Kodi Smit-McPhee - I thought that 'Twilight' would be a kind of girl movie, but it was cool.
Kodi Smit-McPhee - In L.A., I live right across from Universal Studios.
Kodi Smit-McPhee - Vampires used to be like Dracula, and now they're young teenage kids, so yeah, I like that.
Kodi Smit-McPhee - Interviews are fun, but I get nervous at red carpets.
Kodi Smit-McPhee - I like animation: you can go to work in your pyjamas.
Kodi Smit-McPhee - My favorite genre is comedy.
Kodi Smit-McPhee - My dad teaches me. He teaches me everything. He's been acting for over 30 years, so he knows a lot.
Kourtney Kardashian - I'm proof that, even after having a baby, you can look better and sexier than ever!
Kourtney Kardashian - When every moment is constantly being filmed, it's hard to relax.
Kourtney Kardashian - I have had breast implants, but it's so funny 'cause it's not a secret; I could care less.
Kourtney Kardashian - Sometimes I just wish nobody knew who I was.
Kourtney Kardashian - Fashion is so subjective, and I think it should be playful.
Kourtney Kardashian - My daily style is easy and effortless - I don't like to take too much time getting ready.
Kourtney Kardashian - I love being pregnant in general.
Kourtney Kardashian - After my daughter was born, I made a promise to myself to live in the moment.
Kourtney Kardashian - Mom always told us to wear pretty, matching underwear.
Kourtney Kardashian - I think motherhood is just about instinct.
Kris Kristofferson - If you can't get out of something, get into it.
Kris Kristofferson - If God made anything better than women, I think he kept it for himself.
Kris Kristofferson - If God made anything better than women, he kept it for himself.
Kris Kristofferson - Freedom's just another word for nothing left to lose.
Kris Kristofferson - Nothing ain't worth nothing but it's free.
Kris Kristofferson - Freedom is just another word: It seems to get truer the older I get.
Kris Kristofferson - Johnny Cash has always been larger than life.
Kris Kristofferson - I boxed in Golden Gloves at Oxford and still know how to throw a straight left jab.
Kris Kristofferson - I've never forgotten a single record I cut or a song I wrote.
Kris Kristofferson - The one thing I regret is missing the time with my older children when they were young.
Kristaps Porzingis - I'll keep growing as a player, keep working out, trying to become what I want to become.
Kristaps Porzingis - For the triangle to really work, everybody needs to be on the same page and know how to play it.
Kristaps Porzingis - I love New York.
Kristaps Porzingis - No one's comfortable with losing.
Kristaps Porzingis - A good team needs time to play together.
Kristaps Porzingis - Nobody wants to be losing, especially in New York. It's extremely tough. That's how it is.
Kristaps Porzingis - I'm really focused on getting better as a player.
Kristaps Porzingis - I love Barcelona. Barcelona is a very, very nice city.
Kristaps Porzingis - I love playing ping pong.
Kristaps Porzingis - I try to eat as healthy as possible and try to put some weight on.
Kristen Stewart - I am quite shy and people think I'm aloof.
Kristen Stewart - It's okay', you know? It's okay to be you. It's okay to just not be okay. It's okay to not be okay.
Kristen Stewart - I never expected that this would be my life.
Kristen Stewart - I want a cheeseburger so badly, but I have to be a vampire in a few weeks.
Kristen Stewart - I think romance is anything honest. As long as it's honest, it's so disarming.
Kristen Stewart - Girls are scary. Large groups of girls scare the crap out of me.
Kristen Stewart - I would never cheapen my relationships by talking about them.
Kristen Stewart - When I dress up, I have to have a lot of help. I was in a T-shirt until a few minutes ago.
Kristen Stewart - I've always had an aversion to looking sexy, but I've grown out of it.
Kristen Stewart - My best friend just had a baby, and she's my age. So I'm a godmom now, which is crazy.
Kristen Wiig - I love the rain. It's my favorite weather.
Kristen Wiig - I really, really want to go to Paris. I've never been.
Kristen Wiig - The weddings that I've been in have been pretty mellow.
Kristen Wiig - Maybe studios don't want to see women acting in a way that isn't womanly. Maybe people don't.
Kristen Wiig - I hated speaking in public. I would miss school just so I wouldn't have to do it.
Kristen Wiig - I'm not as much a history person as an art person, but I mean, you can read history through art.
Kristen Wiig - I enjoy being characters rather than myself.
Kristen Wiig - I wish I had a lot of tattoos.
Kristen Wiig - There's something about a Christmas sweater that will always make me laugh.
Kristen Wiig - Why can't there be a lot of great women who are doing great things?
Kristi Yamaguchi - My experience at the 1992 Winter Olympics was my fulfillment of dreaming the Impossible Dream.
Kristi Yamaguchi - I burnt myself out of skating. I was ready to focus on being a mom.
Kristi Yamaguchi - This experience has been once in a lifetime.
Kristi Yamaguchi - I never wanted to feel I hadn't worked hard enough.
Kristi Yamaguchi - Training for the Olympics was a lifelong endeavor and took many years.
Kristi Yamaguchi - I'm a perfectionist.
Kristi Yamaguchi - Childhood reading is so important.
Kristi Yamaguchi - I've had a lot more fun with the training.
Kristi Yamaguchi - I'm always looking for inspiring ways to stay motivated and stay active.
Kristi Yamaguchi - The past couple years training with Kurt have really brought inspiration into my skating.
Kristian Nairn - In all honesty, when you talk about 'the gay community,' you are talking about my community, haha.
Kristian Nairn - With 'World of Warcraft,' I like the potential for wasting time.
Kristian Nairn - I could never see myself playing a goblin or gnome, without some serious CGI at least!
Kristian Nairn - I'm a massive 'WoW' nerd, and gamer in general.
Kristian Nairn - Of course I have had thoughts about going into politics.
Kristian Nairn - It's an actor's dream to only have one line, and people like him, so I'm really lucky.
Kristian Nairn - I love saying 'Hodor!'
Kristian Nairn - When I was a kid, I was obsessed with Thor. I had a hammer.
Kristian Nairn - I really wasted a lot of time in my 20s.
Kristian Nairn - I really know what it's like to work and live every moment now, and I'm really grateful for that.
Kristin Cavallari - I would never put my close friends or a real relationship on a show.
Kristin Cavallari - I'm a big fan of Kate Moss's style - no-one nails boho meets hippy chic like she does.
Kristin Cavallari - Nothing you see on TV is real.
Kristin Cavallari - My personal style can be everything from girly and flirty to edgy and chic.
Kristin Cavallari - I think a lot of girls look up to me because I'm a strong woman.
Kristin Cavallari - I don't shop online. I'm always scared to put my credit card on the Internet!
Kristin Cavallari - It's very difficult to change the perception people have of you.
Kristin Cavallari - It's an unwritten rule - girl friends' boyfriends are off limits, even after they break up.
Kristin Cavallari - I would love to have my own shoe line. That I would absolutely love.
Kristin Cavallari - I'm very open to dating and finding a guy.
Kristin Chenoweth - Apples, grapes... any kind of fruit gives me the energy I need to get through my busy day.
Kristin Chenoweth - A nice pair of Jimmy Choos never hurt anyone.
Kristin Chenoweth - I'm a wild lady. Not.
Kristin Chenoweth - I am a Christian and I don't want there to be any confusion about what I believe or who I am.
Kristin Chenoweth - I want to be a Christian like Christ - loving and accepting of other people.
Kristin Chenoweth - I've finally graduated from 'I don't give a hoot.'
Kristin Chenoweth - There's a difference between making fun of something and having fun with something.
Kristin Chenoweth - Oatmeal tastes so good on its own, you don't even need to add sugar.
Kristin Chenoweth - We are what we eat, so I eat as many veggies as I can!
Kristin Chenoweth - It's in God's hands.
Kristin Gore - I'm just grateful that my parents still love each other.
Kristin Gore - I was one of those dorky kids who'd wanted to go to Harvard since the fifth grade.
Kristin Gore - I love the satire and skewering of comedy writing.
Kristin Gore - I'm allergic to caffeine. When I have it, my throat gets sore, and I get a rash.
Kristin Gore - I can go days without meaningful human interaction.
Kristin Gore - From age 7 on, I wanted to be a writer.
Kristin Gore - I make things up for a living. It would be pretty boring to just fictionalize real people.
Kristin Gore - 'Jitterbug Perfume' is one of my favorite books.
Kristin Gore - I've seen some version of 'An Inconvenient Truth' since I was born.
Kristin Gore - Take it from me: I really love making things up, which is why I write fiction for a living.
Kristin Scott Thomas - I find it difficult to explain, but I'm quite ashamed of being an actress.
Kristin Scott Thomas - I'm not at all fed up with British films, but I am fed up with playing upper-class people.
Kristin Scott Thomas - Movies make you immortal and ageless.
Kristin Scott Thomas - It takes a long time to appreciate one's parents.
Kristin Scott Thomas - French culture takes ageing very seriously. There's much less ageism than in Anglo-Saxon countries.
Kristin Scott Thomas - Everyone loves to hate a spin doctor.
Kristin Scott Thomas - We all come in different shapes and sizes, and that's fine by me.
Kristin Scott Thomas - Life is too short to live on low-fat everything.
Kristin Scott Thomas - I think in most jobs, you get better as you get older. You gain experience, you gain knowledge.
Kristin Scott Thomas - I don't want to have to be pretty. I don't want to have to be adorable.
Kriti Sanon - We are all somewhere or the other a little grey, not black and white. We have our imperfections.
Kriti Sanon - I'm an independent woman and a feminist.
Kriti Sanon - Every thing in life that's first should be a celebration or celebrated with a lot of oomph.
Kriti Sanon - Destiny plays an important part, but talent and hard work is also important.
Kriti Sanon - I am sweet and diplomatic in real life.
Kriti Sanon - There is a slight tomboyish side to me. But I was studious, and I did not bunk classes!
Kriti Sanon - Women simply need to know the right technique of shaving to get the best results.
Kriti Sanon - I would never do anything that's derogatory to women.
Kriti Sanon - I come from a middle-class family, but we are open-minded people.
Kriti Sanon - I want to play a character with grey shades.
Kumail Nanjiani - I stay home. It's the best place to be alone. There is hardly any walk-through traffic.
Kumail Nanjiani - You can go slow. Allow your dreams and goals to change, but live an intentional life.
Kumail Nanjiani - I'm still trying to figure out how to have an adult relationship with my parents.
Kumail Nanjiani - Stand-up is successful if they laugh. It's unsuccessful if they don't laugh.
Kumail Nanjiani - I just hope that there's a market for somebody who looks like me as the lead of a rom-com, you know?
Kumail Nanjiani - I'm a massive rom-com head! Like, every rom-com in the '90s and early 2000s, I've watched.
Kumail Nanjiani - One of my favorite comedies is 'Shaun of the Dead.'
Kumail Nanjiani - Being a fish out of water is tough, but that's how you evolve.
Kumail Nanjiani - Most of my exposure to American pop culture was through this weird prism of 'Mad' magazine.
Kumail Nanjiani - My parents don't really understand my career. They don't really bring it up that much.
Kurt Elling - You don't know what bravery is until you overcome fear.
Kurt Elling - The singer is always an ambassador of music.
Kurt Elling - I want to be the jazz singer.
Kurt Elling - I've worked with a number of big bands, but there's nothing in life like the Basie band.
Kurt Elling - One doesn't have to scat to be a jazz singer.
Kurt Elling - I'm a goof, man.
Kurt Elling - Every record is a gate of a certain kind for me.
Kurt Elling - Sometimes people have this notion that improvisation is simply intuitive leaping into the unknown.
Kurt Elling - Listening to something without being present is different from being there in the flesh.
Kurt Elling - I've got more low notes than I had when I started.
Kygo - I just like playing songs with happy vibes and good feelings.
Kygo - 'Coming Over' was probably the fastest collaboration I've ever done.
Kygo - When I look for people to work with, I'm just looking for talented people.
Kygo - When I am back home, I have an upright piano and I play constantly.
Kygo - I want to be known simply as a producer who makes music.
Kygo - When I make a song, I'm really happy. It's an indescribable feeling.
Kygo - I consider myself more of a producer and a musician than a DJ.
Kygo - I really like streaming services. It's a great way for people to find your music.
Kygo - I like bringing keyboards and stuff on stage.
Kygo - I really do try and play as many festivals as possible.
Kyle Chandler - Opportunity does not knock, it presents itself when you beat down the door.
Kyle Chandler - Every actor wants to be everybody - play all the roles.
Kyle Chandler - I grew up in Chicago, so I've always been a Bears fan.
Kyle Chandler - Television, cable, features are always out there.
Kyle Chandler - I've stopped racing to get to the red light.
Kyle Chandler - What I do is not rocket science, but I sure do love it.
Kyle Chandler - If you're not really having a good time, it's not worth it.
Kyle Chandler - Look, isn't there any way you can just stamp me as not crazy and let me get outta here.
Kyle Chandler - The only reason anyone ever called me a hero is because I get this paper, here.
Kyle Chandler - I always treat all the jobs I do as an acting class.
Kylie Jenner - I take, like, 500 selfies to get one I like.
Kylie Jenner - The more people love you, the more there's going to be people that hate you.
Kylie Jenner - There are new rumors about me every day.
Kylie Jenner - Every time I get my makeup professionally done, I take a photo.
Kylie Jenner - I just want to inspire my fans to be whoever they want to be, because that's what I've always done.
Kylie Jenner - I honestly hate wearing makeup.
Kylie Jenner - I'm scared of the day I turn 19. I really don't want to grow past 18.
Kylie Jenner - I wake up every morning with the worst anxiety. I don't know why. I have, like, a problem.
Kylie Jenner - I'm ready to live on my own. It's a really big step, but I'm ready.
Kylie Jenner - My fans and followers are so amazing.
Kylie Minogue - I do quite naughty things now. I do like to be a bit sexy.
Kylie Minogue - I have had a holiday, and I'd like to take it up professionally.
Kylie Minogue - I'm sure that love exists, even infinite, eternal love.
Kylie Minogue - Part of me is a sexual exhibitionist.
Kylie Minogue - This is such a special summer holiday for me. I haven't known myself so relaxed in years.
Kylie Minogue - I just can't help but see things differently.
Kylie Minogue - Gay icons usually have some tragedy in their lives, but I've only had tragic haircuts and outfits.
Kylie Minogue - I am really not looking further than my next trip. I'm enjoying being in the moment.
Kylie Minogue - I'm a very proud Australian, always bragging about our country wherever I am in the world.
Kylie Minogue - There's no shortcut to learning a craft; you just have to put the years in.
Kyrie Irving - I love the gym; I love basketball. I'm really passionate about it.
Kyrie Irving - You want to keep the defense guessing.
Kyrie Irving - The only thing I command is respect.
Kyrie Irving - All I do is sit at home and watch Netflix.
Kyrie Irving - Everybody in the NBA is good. And then you have the really good ones and the great ones.
Kyrie Irving - My focus is basketball, and that's it.
Kyrie Irving - When it applies to the Olympics and making a decision, I have to claim Australia as my country.
Kyrie Irving - I want to be on the cover of 'GQ.' That's a personal goal.
Kyrie Irving - Multiple Bentleys isn't making anyone 'financially set.'
Kyrie Irving - Guys like Josh Gordon need to stay in his sport and mind his own business.
L'Wren Scott - Luxury is a state of mind.
L'Wren Scott - There's lots of things you pull out lipstick for.
L'Wren Scott - Guys understand a waistline. They understand a silhouette.
L'Wren Scott - I believe in stopping work and eating lunch.
L'Wren Scott - Guys understand a waistline. They understand a silhouette. I dress for men.
L'Wren Scott - Random things are luxurious to people. It's personal.
L'Wren Scott - Peruvian food is so simple yet amazingly flavored with their traditional spices.
L'Wren Scott - I love a real-life, movie moment in living color.
L'Wren Scott - Everyone has their own special set of problems - in their own minds.
L'Wren Scott - People often try to disguise televisions. I always think that makes it worse. It is what it is!
L. Neil Smith - Lincoln emancipated nobody. The man freed not a single slave.
L. Neil Smith - Today, human civilization is drowning in a sea of lies.
L. Neil Smith - As to the media, they are protected by the First Amendment, as they should be.
L. Neil Smith - I'm tired of being considered property.
L. Neil Smith - Collective states are constitutionally incapable of reliably producing anything but corpses.
L. Neil Smith - I'll remind you all, however, that for government, existence is a privilege, not a right.
L. Neil Smith - City governments ought to be abolished, if only as a public health measure.
L. Neil Smith - I'm tired of living in a police state.
L. Neil Smith - I'm as radical as libertarians come.
L. Neil Smith - Government is waging war against the people.
Lady Gaga - Whether I'm wearing lots of makeup or no makeup, I'm always the same person inside.
Lady Gaga - 'Born this Way' is about being yourself, and loving who you are and being proud.
Lady Gaga - I'm perpetually lonely.
Lady Gaga - I wouldn't say that I am one of the greatest dancers, but I am really quite good at what I do.
Lady Gaga - In a sense I portray myself in a very androgynous way, and I love androgyny.
Lady Gaga - I don't want to make money; I want to make a difference.
Lady Gaga - Being beautiful is not so fun when you're in a business with all men.
Lady Gaga - I live halfway between reality and theater at all times. And I was born this way.
Lady Gaga - I am my own sanctuary and I can be reborn as many times as I choose throughout my life.
Lady Gaga - I like pushing boundaries.
Laila Ali - Authenticity is very important - be true to one's self.
Laila Ali - I think that the greatest lesson I learned from my father is just having compassion towards people.
Laila Ali - I like to play by my own rules.
Laila Ali - Focus on being balanced - success is balance.
Laila Ali - You have to fight for your health and stay on top of it. Our bodies are meant to be healthy.
Laila Ali - I want to encourage women to take control of their health.
Laila Ali - Anyone who's seen me before knows that when it's fight time, I don't have much to say.
Laila Ali - I never intended to box forever, and always planned to move on to do other things.
Laila Ali - I don't really try to tell people whether they should fight. It's definitely not for everybody.
Laila Ali - Everybody wants recognition, but we can't all get it.
Lajos Kossuth - Now that I am a deputy, I will cease to be an agitator.
Lajos Kossuth - My nomination to be Governor was not to gratify ambition.
Lajos Kossuth - You must be a power on earth, and must therefore accept all the consequences of this position.
Lajos Kossuth - The principle of evil in Europe is the enervating spirit of Russian absolutism.
Lajos Kossuth - The unspoken word never does harm.
Lajos Kossuth - In exile, I have tried to profit by the past and prepare for the future.
Lajos Kossuth - Neutrality, as a lasting principle, is an evidence of weakness.
Lajos Kossuth - I can understand Communism, but not Socialism.
Lajos Kossuth - Yet my humble capacity has not preserved me from calumnies.
Lajos Kossuth - I have to thank the People, the Congress, and the Government of the United States for my liberation.
Lana Del Rey - Fashion is inspired by youth and nostalgia and draws inspiration from the best of the past.
Lana Del Rey - A lot of the time when I write about the person that I love, I feel like I'm writing about New York.
Lana Del Rey - I've been writing since I was really young, so I considered myself a writer for a really long time.
Lana Del Rey - If you are born an artist, you have no choice but to fight to stay an artist.
Lana Del Rey - There's backlash about everything I do.
Lana Del Rey - My music is a luxury.
Lana Del Rey - When I walk outside, people have something to say about it.
Lana Del Rey - I'm a writer first and a singer second.
Lana Del Rey - I'm personally more struck by visual things more than musical.
Lana Del Rey - Seeing myself on the screen makes me cringe. I understand that I am that way - pouty.
Lana Turner - A gentleman is simply a patient wolf.
Lana Turner - I'm so gullible. I'm so damn gullible. And I am so sick of me being gullible.
Lana Turner - The truth is, sex doesn't mean that much to me now.
Lana Turner - I started off wanting one husband and seven children, but it ended up the other way around.
Lana Turner - It used to be that when an actress reached thirty, she was considered almost washed up.
Lana Turner - I would rather lose a good earring than be caught without make-up.
Lana Turner - My life has been a series of emergencies.
Lana Turner - I've always loved a challenge.
Lana Turner - Some day... some day, I want to go much deeper into the human mind.
Lana Turner - I'm always nervous when I start a new picture.
Lance Armstrong - If you worried about falling off the bike, you'd never get on.
Lance Armstrong - Pain is temporary. Quitting lasts forever.
Lance Armstrong - There comes a point in every man's life when he has to say: 'Enough is enough.'
Lance Armstrong - Nobody needs to cry for me. I'm going to be great.
Lance Armstrong - Winning is about heart, not just legs. It's got to be in the right place.
Lance Armstrong - The riskiest thing you can do is get greedy.
Lance Armstrong - It can't be any simpler: the farewell is going to be on the Champs-Elysees.
Lance Armstrong - I figure the faster I pedal, the faster I can retire.
Lance Armstrong - It's nice to win. I'll never win again. I may have to take up golf - take on Tiger.
Lance Armstrong - If we don't somehow stem the tide of childhood obesity, we're going to have a huge problem.
Langston Hughes - Like a welcome summer rain, humor may suddenly cleanse and cool the earth, the air and you.
Langston Hughes - Hold fast to dreams, for if dreams die, life is a broken-winged bird that cannot fly.
Langston Hughes - Perhaps the mission of an artist is to interpret beauty to people - the beauty within themselves.
Langston Hughes - What happens to a dream deferred? Does it dry up Like a raisin in the sun? Or does it explode?
Langston Hughes - When peoples care for you and cry for you, they can straighten out your soul.
Langston Hughes - Humor is laughing at what you haven't got when you ought to have it.
Langston Hughes - My soul has grown deep like the rivers.
Langston Hughes - I swear to the Lord, I still can't see, why Democracy means, everybody but me.
Langston Hughes - It's such a Bore Being always Poor.
Langston Hughes - I will not take 'but' for an answer.
Lara Stone - I think of dieting, then I eat pizza.
Lara Stone - I can have an androgynous quality.
Lara Stone - What should all men know about women? That we are always right and you should just agree.
Lara Stone - Being sexy is something inside, and not everybody has it.
Lara Stone - I like spending time with my husband.
Lara Stone - It's not like I'm sitting at home coming up with some secret beauty plan.
Lara Stone - Going to rehab was the best decision I ever made.
Lara Stone - I think men look best when they're dressed in something that makes them feel comfortable.
Lara Stone - When it's colder, your skin needs more attention.
Lara Stone - I think people like it when you have a bit of personality.
Larry Bird - It doesn't matter who scores the points, it's who can get the ball to the scorer.
Larry Bird - I've got a theory that if you give 100% all of the time, somehow things will work out in the end.
Larry Bird - What's better? Dogs or broomsticks? I mean will the world really ever know?
Larry Bird - I mean, the greatest athletes in the world are African-American.
Larry Bird - But it is a black man's game, and it will be forever.
Larry Bird - The best player I ever played with was Dennis Johnson.
Larry Bird - Once you are labeled 'the best' you want to stay up there, and you can't do it by loafing around.
Larry Bird - I get homesick.
Larry Bird - Push yourself again and again. Don't give an inch until the final buzzer sounds.
Larry Bird - When it gets down to it, basketball is basketball.
Larry Ellison - When you innovate, you've got to be prepared for everyone telling you you're nuts.
Larry Ellison - I have had all of the disadvantages required for success.
Larry Ellison - It's Microsoft versus mankind, with Microsoft having only a slight lead.
Larry Ellison - Bill Gates is the pope of the personal computer industry. He decides who's going to build.
Larry Ellison - Autonomy was shopped to us. We looked at the price and thought it was absurdly high.
Larry Ellison - We think a modern cloud lets you decide when you want to upgrade. We don't decide for you.
Larry Ellison - Maui reminded me of San Diego: beautiful, but crowded.
Larry Ellison - Taking care of your employees is extremely important and very, very visible.
Larry Ellison - The social network is the paradigm of the modern service application.
Larry Ellison - I believe people have to follow their dreams - I did.
Larry Hogan - School after Labor Day is now the law of the land in Maryland.
Larry Hogan - Crime is out of control in Baltimore City.
Larry Hogan - You can disagree without being disagreeable. That's always been my mantra.
Larry Hogan - Let's set aside political gamesmanship and work together for the sake of our children.
Larry Hogan - I'm a pretty plain-spoken guy.
Larry Hogan - I'm not going to roll back anything. Nothing is going to change with respect to reproductive rights.
Larry Hogan - I've never supported one penny of tuition increases.
Larry Hogan - I have nothing to do with Donald Trump.
Larry Hogan - I'm not a Trump fan. I don't think he should be the nominee.
Larry Hogan - I've had completely gray hair since, like, 30.
Larry King - Those who have succeeded at anything and don't mention luck are kidding themselves.
Larry King - It's joyful to give. But for people who want to take advantage of you, you're kind of an easy mark.
Larry King - I just love asking questions. I love people. It's in my DNA. I'm cursed - and blessed.
Larry King - I'm the worst person to be stuck with in a traffic jam.
Larry King - If I do something caring for a friend, I have no doubt in my mind they would do it for me.
Larry King - I like to put a stake in people, because I know people helped me.
Larry King - People would pay money to work at CNN.
Larry King - I'm sort of the comic relief after a hard day at work. My message is that it's OK to relax.
Larry King - I'm from Brooklyn. In Brooklyn, if you say, 'I'm dangerous', you'd better be dangerous.
Larry King - I'm 80 years old, and I don't know what I'm going to be when I grow up.
Larry Niven - Everything starts as somebody's daydream.
Larry Niven - The dinosaurs became extinct because they didn't have a space program.
Larry Niven - Building one space station for everyone was and is insane: we should have built a dozen.
Larry Niven - I'd repair our education system or replace it with something that works.
Larry Niven - I've spent a lot of my life among people brighter than myself.
Larry Niven - We're looking as far ahead as we can, and we don't get penalized for mistakes.
Larry Niven - We should not have assumed that a political space station could be built.
Larry Niven - I've got five or six unpublished stories kicking around looking for somebody to buy them.
Larry Niven - My problem with new writers is that it takes me five or six years to memorise the right names.
Larry Niven - I don't have a strong interest in history.
Larry Wilmore - The last thing I would ever do is try to become a network programmer.
Larry Wilmore - Sometimes I'd say what's bad for the country is good for my business, unfortunately.
Larry Wilmore - I would consider myself more a passionate centrist.
Larry Wilmore - I'm not the type of person to have a schadenfreude.
Larry Wilmore - I don't take pleasure in anyone's demise, really.
Larry Wilmore - Sometimes I'm successful, and sometimes I'm not, but I don't mind going down trying.
Larry Wilmore - In my career, I'm always trying to do something different.
Larry Wilmore - I guess I hadn't counted on 'The Unblackening' happening to my time slot as well.
Larry Wilmore - In my time, I experienced a black man not being able to be the quarterback of a football team.
Larry Wilmore - I am from Pomona, California. I was born in Los Angeles.
Laura Dern - I tend to always love material with flawed protagonists and morally ambiguous people.
Laura Dern - To stay true to your art is such a complicated journey, and Dad clearly has done it.
Laura Dern - I always wondered what it would be like to have a normal childhood.
Laura Dern - Jealousy is a scary thing.
Laura Dern - Every role is a new form of surrender.
Laura Dern - I wanted to go to Jupiter. That was my plan from day one, and David Lynch gave me the ticket.
Laura Dern - I'm interested in flawed protagonists. I was raised on them.
Laura Dern - I've always loved film more than theater.
Laura Dern - It would be great to make a movie that had the style of a great '30's film.
Laura Dern - It's a strange world, as David Lynch would say.
Laura Linney - A magnetic personality doesn't necessarily indicate a good heart.
Laura Linney - The goal seems to me at times just to be business first.
Laura Linney - Some people's personalities are so compelling that they command attention.
Laura Linney - Doing the right thing has power.
Laura Linney - The good thing is that I'm always honest.
Laura Linney - I had a good imagination and I still have one; a child-like imagination that hasn't gone away.
Laura Linney - History's a resource.
Laura Linney - I hope that anyone I worked with wouldn't exploit our relationship.
Laura Linney - Tanning is tricky, because a lot of people just look orange.
Laura Linney - Working with special needs children is hard.
Laura Prepon - I am so like Donna it's funny. And most of my friends are guys too.
Laura Prepon - I'm the tomboy so I got to be a little butch.
Laura Prepon - I can't stand being around anal people, especially anal people with big egos.
Laura Prepon - Free love sounds great.
Laura Prepon - I love being a redhead. It's a rare thing, so I think there's a bond between redheads.
Laura Prepon - My vintage Levi's are my favorite on the show, 'cause they really fit.
Laura Prepon - Even in real life, I'd rather hang out with guys.
Laura Prepon - I'm not a sun person.
Laura Prepon - I don't know how people recognize me.
Laura Prepon - You can always turn a bad kisser into a good one.
Laura Schlessinger - Children are our second chance to have a great parent-child relationship.
Laura Schlessinger - Women seem not to understand, or underestimate, the profound power they have over their husbands.
Laura Schlessinger - My life is what a salmon must feel like. They are always going upstream, against the current.
Laura Schlessinger - I'm kind of a jock. I sail, I ride a bike, I hike, I pump iron. I just love to be active.
Laura Schlessinger - Well, I'm a Harley Babe.
Laura Schlessinger - Men are very emotionally dependent upon women from the day they are born to the day they expire.
Laura Schlessinger - I pretty much preach, teach and nag.
Laura Schlessinger - On the Day of Atonement, Jews are commanded to seek forgiveness from the people we have hurt.
Laura Schlessinger - I climb mountains.
Laura Schlessinger - Research indicates that most women want their man to earn more than they do.
Laurell K. Hamilton - What happens in Vegas may stay in Vegas, but what happens in New Orleans, goes home with you.
Laurell K. Hamilton - Like most creative people I don't fit well into boxes.
Laurell K. Hamilton - Everyone spends their lives trying to balance their world between good and evil.
Laurell K. Hamilton - I feel that if you are blessed, or lucky enough, to be doing well, you should help others.
Laurell K. Hamilton - You either mellow at 30, or your head explodes - take your choice.
Laurell K. Hamilton - I want a kiss to be so believable it gives the reader shivers.
Laurell K. Hamilton - You'd think a sociopath assassin wouldn't have a fan following but he does.
Laurell K. Hamilton - By 17, I was submitting to publications and collecting my first rejection slips.
Laurell K. Hamilton - I am not a morning person.
Laurell K. Hamilton - My writing style is very sensual, as in sensory detail.
Lauren Bacall - A woman isn't complete without a man. But where do you find a man - a real man - these days?
Lauren Bacall - Imagination is the highest kite one can fly.
Lauren Bacall - I am not a has-been. I am a will be.
Lauren Bacall - You learn to rise above a lot of bad things that happen in your life. And you have to keep going.
Lauren Bacall - Legends are all to do with the past and nothing to do with the present.
Lauren Bacall - I think your whole life shows in your face and you should be proud of that.
Lauren Bacall - Find me a man who's interesting enough to have dinner with and I'll be happy.
Lauren Bacall - I am essentially a loner.
Lauren Bacall - I wish Frank Sinatra would just shut up and sing.
Lauren Bacall - Stardom isn't a profession, it's an accident.
Lauren Conrad - Some people are willing to betray years of friendship just to get a little bit of the spotlight.
Lauren Conrad - I'm into mellow dates with really good food.
Lauren Conrad - When you do multiple things you love, it doesn't feel like work.
Lauren Conrad - A lot of my branding has come from stubbornness - I knew what I liked. I knew what I wanted to do.
Lauren Conrad - I haven't met a woman without insecurities.
Lauren Conrad - Dating in Los Angeles can be hard, which makes it all the better when you meet a really nice guy.
Lauren Conrad - One of my biggest goals, especially with writing YA novels, is just to have people enjoy reading.
Lauren Conrad - I do most of my shopping online. It's just convenient for me.
Lauren Conrad - Imperfection is relatable.
Lauren Conrad - I'd love to design bridal dresses.
Lauren Graham - Growing up an only child with a single parent is probably why I'm an actor.
Lauren Graham - I've made out more this season on a family-friendly show than ever in my actual life.
Lauren Graham - The parts for women, you're either like the quietly suffering wife or the wild girl.
Lauren Graham - I'm nice, and I show up on time.
Lauren Graham - Perspective is the most important thing to have in life.
Lauren Graham - Personally, all I ever want to be wearing are jeans.
Lauren Graham - I would like to be part of a family, however that looks. Family is really important to me.
Lauren Graham - None of my characters have really had jobs.
Lauren Graham - I take the no-doughnut pledge, and then I break it.
Lauren Graham - I always saw myself as a comedic actor and wacky best friend.
Laurence J. Peter - Speak when you are angry - and you'll make the best speech you'll ever regret.
Laurence J. Peter - Going to church doesn't make you any more a Christian than going to the garage makes you a car.
Laurence J. Peter - The best intelligence test is what we do with our leisure.
Laurence J. Peter - If a cluttered desk is the sign of a cluttered mind, what is the significance of a clean desk?
Laurence J. Peter - Bureaucracy defends the status quo long past the time when the quo has lost its status.
Laurence J. Peter - Competence, like truth, beauty, and contact lenses, is in the eye of the beholder.
Laurence J. Peter - Every girl should use what Mother Nature gave her before Father Time takes it away.
Laurence J. Peter - If you don't know where you're going, you will probably end up somewhere else.
Laurence J. Peter - In a hierarchy, every employee tends to rise to his level of incompetence.
Laurence J. Peter - Work is accomplished by those employees who have not yet reached their level of incompetence.
Laurence Sterne - Respect for ourselves guides our morals, respect for others guides our manners.
Laurence Sterne - An English man does not travel to see English men.
Laurence Sterne - Pain and pleasure, like light and darkness, succeed each other.
Laurence Sterne - 'Tis known by the name of perseverance in a good cause, and of obstinacy in a bad one.
Laurence Sterne - Men tire themselves in pursuit of rest.
Laurence Sterne - God tempers the wind to the shorn lamb.
Laurence Sterne - An actor should be able to create the universe in the palm of his hand.
Laurence Sterne - Of all duties, prayer certainly is the sweetest and most easy.
Laurence Sterne - In solitude the mind gains strength and learns to lean upon itself.
Laurence Sterne - Nothing is so perfectly amusing as a total change of ideas.
Lauryn Hill - Reality is easy. It's deception that's the hard work.
Lauryn Hill - We can't plan life. All we can do is be available for it.
Lauryn Hill - I need to be surrounded by people as passionate and as dedicated as I am.
Lauryn Hill - I believe God will make a way.
Lauryn Hill - I don't know anybody that's not emotionally unstable or schizophrenic.
Lauryn Hill - What was freely given to me, I freely give.
Lauryn Hill - You don't know how much artists go through to make it look so easy. It's all in the practice.
Lauryn Hill - We don't want people to have expectations of us, but then we have expectations of everybody else.
Lauryn Hill - Everything we do should be a result of our gratitude for what God has done for us.
Lauryn Hill - The less I have, the freer I am to do whatever I want to do.
Lawrence Kudlow - As a free-market guy, I love competition. That includes political competition.
Lawrence Kudlow - Wars breed unfairness, just as they breed collateral damage.
Lawrence Kudlow - Reduced marginal tax rates on individuals and business fosters growth every time.
Lawrence Kudlow - Obamacare rules and mandates are job-killers.
Lawrence Kudlow - For Clinton, I don't see redemption. She is a corrupt political operative of the worst kind.
Lawrence Kudlow - Contributing to GOP unity, Pence is a churchgoing evangelical family man.
Lawrence Kudlow - Trump-Pence is a winner for the GOP.
Lawrence Kudlow - Middle-income wage earners have essentially had no pay increases since 2000.
Lawrence Kudlow - Facebook is a private company and, therefore, is entitled to whatever political biases it holds.
Lawrence Kudlow - Trump promised an 'America First' foreign policy rooted in the national interest, not in nostalgia.
Lawrence Taylor - As players, we always have a way to get back at you.
Lawrence Taylor - I have a whole different type of lifestyle.
Lawrence Taylor - I like companies that try and break away from the norm.
Lawrence Taylor - In football, you can always maim a person if you wanted to.
Lawrence Taylor - LT was just a wilder person. I don't go that route no more.
Lawrence Taylor - People get hurt all the time in the game of football, it's part of what we do.
Lawrence Taylor - Steroids are for guys who want to cheat opponents.
Lawrence Taylor - You try to stay within the rules for the sake of the game, but you can always turn up the intensity.
Lawrence Taylor - First of all, a player has to know what is banned and what is not banned.
Lawrence Taylor - And once you cross over into that world, no matter how strong you are, you have to pay the price.
Lawrence Welk - Never trust anyone completely but God. Love people, but put your full trust only in God.
Lawrence Welk - Over and over I marvel at the blessings of my life: Each year has grown better than the last.
Lawrence Welk - There are good days and there are bad days, and this is one of them.
Lawrence Welk - If they can't hum it after we play it, it's not for us.
Lawrence Welk - The William Penn Hotel in Pittsburgh... was the place where Champagne Music was born.
Lawrence Welk - Sounds always fascinated me.
Lawrence Welk - One thing all stage mothers share is an overpowering ambition for their daughters.
Lawrence Welk - Music was my joy, my home, the one place I felt happy and secure.
Lawrence Welk - It's curious how we act in moments of personal despair.
Lawrence Welk - I expected to be a farmer like my father and brothers. Life seemed pleasant and orderly.
Layne Staley - At home I'm just a guy who has interests that extend far beyond music.
Layne Staley - Drugs are not the way to the light. They won't lead to a fairy-tale life, they lead to suffering.
Layne Staley - Drugs will have a huge effect on my work for the rest of my life, whether I'm using or not.
Layne Staley - I don't do much else but stay in my hotel room.
Layne Staley - I guess I can go anywhere I want. If only I knew where to go.
Layne Staley - I haven't read anything but regurgitated rumors. Nothing new, and nothing true.
Layne Staley - I sing like a lark.
Layne Staley - I wish I could just hug you all, but I'm not gonna.
Layne Staley - Music is the career I'm lucky enough to get paid for, but I have other desires and passions.
Layne Staley - Music is the doorway that has led me to drawing, photography, and writing.
Lea Michele - I love being outdoors - hiking, biking, and swimming.
Lea Michele - I love myself, the way I look, my body, but sometimes I can't help but feel insecure.
Lea Michele - How many managers told me, 'Get a nose job. You're not pretty enough?' But I proved them wrong.
Lea Michele - I worried that people wouldn't like me. Now I try not to worry and focus on being happy.
Lea Michele - I knew what I wanted to be at 8 years old - an actor!
Lea Michele - I've always been such a fan of Habitat for Humanity and the work that they do.
Lea Michele - I would love Kate Middleton to be in 'Glee.' Wouldn't that be fantastic? That would be great.
Lea Michele - I make a vegan baked ziti. And even though that doesn't sound enjoyable, it really is.
Lea Michele - Theatre just fills me up so much.
Lea Michele - I'm honored to be in a position to have young girls or performers look up to me.
Lea Seydoux - I'm not as beautiful as a model.
Lea Seydoux - I was putting forward too much of myself when I was singing.
Lea Seydoux - Even in between takes, you emerge yourself. So you don't have a life for six months.
Lea Seydoux - I'm not reading reviews and critics. I don't care. I guess I'm still a little on my own planet.
Lea Seydoux - For me, cinema's like a language - everyone has their own form of it.
Lea Seydoux - I don't have any preconceived ideas of myself. I just take things as they come.
Lea Seydoux - My proudest moment is when I'm part of a good film, when people are touched by it.
Lea Seydoux - In America, you don't have to be weak, you have to be strong.
Lea Seydoux - If I do too many takes, I'm too self-conscious. I think I'm better in first scenes.
Lea Seydoux - Whether you're in a blockbuster or an art film, you have to be able to adapt.
Lea Thompson - In my deepest parts of sadness, I'm always making a joke or being sarcastic.
Lea Thompson - And I definitely gravitate toward people who use laughter to pull themselves out of the abyss.
Lea Thompson - It's hard not to want to strangle people when you work with them for four years.
Lea Thompson - I don't like a class system. I don't like the idea of being in a different class than other people.
Lea Thompson - I'm always really excited to try something new in my profession that I haven't done yet.
Lea Thompson - It's actually shocking to me how hard it's been to get back into the movie business.
Lea Thompson - Usually, you don't really end up lifelong buddies with your co-stars.
Lea Thompson - Sitcoms are usually given short shrift by the acting profession, but it's quite an amazing job.
Lea Thompson - I'm not overweight, but I'm not in shape at all. I do not work out.
Lea Thompson - I mostly played 'Pac-Man', but I played 'The Sims' with my kids when they were growing up.
Learned Hand - No doubt one may quote history to support any cause, as the devil quotes scripture.
Learned Hand - Words are not pebbles in alien juxtaposition.
Learned Hand - A self-made man may prefer a self-made name.
Learned Hand - In the end it is worse to suppress dissent than to run the risk of heresy.
Learned Hand - The spirit of liberty is the spirit which is not too sure that it is right.
Learned Hand - If we are to keep democracy, there must be a commandment: Thou shalt not ration justice.
Learned Hand - Words are chameleons, which reflect the color of their environment.
Learned Hand - The aim of law is the maximum gratification of the nervous system of man.
Learned Hand - Thou shalt not ration justice.
Learned Hand - The art of publicity is a black art; but it has come to stay, and every year adds to its potency.
LeBron James - You have to be able to accept failure to get better.
LeBron James - I treated it like every day was my last day with a basketball.
LeBron James - I like criticism. It makes you strong.
LeBron James - When you have that respect from your teammates, it makes it a lot more comfortable.
LeBron James - I'm confident with my ability.
LeBron James - I think, team first. It allows me to succeed, it allows my team to succeed.
LeBron James - I laugh and joke, but I don't get distracted very easily.
LeBron James - Every night on the court I give my all, and if I'm not giving 100 percent, I criticize myself.
LeBron James - I'm going to use all my tools, my God-given ability, and make the best life I can with it.
LeBron James - And winning is a huge thing for me.
Lech Walesa - The fall of the Berlin Wall makes for nice pictures. But it all started in the shipyards.
Lech Walesa - He who puts out his hand to stop the wheel of history will have his fingers crushed.
Lech Walesa - Our national history has so often filled us with bitterness and the feeling of helplessness.
Lech Walesa - Let the veil of silence fall presently over what happened afterwards. Silence, too, can speak out.
Lech Walesa - I got politics and economics moving and then others took over.
Lech Walesa - We hold our heads high, despite the price we have paid, because freedom is priceless.
Lech Walesa - There is something of the warrior in me.
Lech Walesa - Authority must be respected and chosen wisely.
Lech Walesa - I want to light the lights of patriotism.
Lech Walesa - I am happy that Poland is returning to the road of pluralism and democracy.
Lee Child - I have a kind of old-fashioned, artisan approach.
Lee Child - I've discovered writers by reading books left in airplane seats and weird hotels.
Lee Child - It's always tense when you move a character from a book to the screen. Always tense.
Lee Child - I don't know what the secret is when I am writing it - it really is a surprise to me.
Lee Child - It's always sad if anybody you know has a personal problem.
Lee Child - A calm environment is for after I finish work.
Lee Child - The way to write a thriller is to ask a question at the beginning, and answer it at the end.
Lee Child - The key to thrillers is vicarious pleasure.
Lee Child - I grew up in Birmingham, where they made useful things and made them well.
Lee Child - Writing is showbusiness for shy people. That's how I see it.
Lee Daniels - I don't want to sell my soul to Hollywood - to just make run-of-the-mill stuff.
Lee Daniels - I don't work with fear, and I don't work with actors that are fearful.
Lee Daniels - I want to go to places that are unexpected of me because people really think they have me pegged.
Lee Daniels - I'm not really vegan. I'm vegan-ish. I have a piece of lamb every now and then.
Lee Daniels - I love actors, and I'm very protective of them. I trust them. It's a mutual trust.
Lee Daniels - I think the father-son love story is a universal one which transcends color.
Lee Daniels - When you have a lot of siblings, you always do something to feel special.
Lee Daniels - I have twins that I didn't want to have the life that I had. I didn't have a great life growing up.
Lee Daniels - America is fickle. You never know what they're going to go for.
Lee Daniels - Some of my friends don't have a cell phone. Patti LaBelle doesn't have a cell phone.
Lee Iacocca - The only rock I know that stays steady, the only institution I know that works, is the family.
Lee Iacocca - The speed of the boss is the speed of the team.
Lee Iacocca - In the end, all business operations can be reduced to three words: people, product, and profits.
Lee Iacocca - I hire people brighter than me and then I get out of their way.
Lee Iacocca - You can have brilliant ideas, but if you can't get them across, your ideas won't get you anywhere.
Lee Iacocca - We've got to pause and ask ourselves: How much clean air do we need?
Lee Iacocca - To succeed today, you have to set priorities, decide what you stand for.
Lee Iacocca - There is no substitute for accurate knowledge. Know yourself, know your business, know your men.
Lee Iacocca - Management is nothing more than motivating other people.
Lee Iacocca - We are continually faced by great opportunities brilliantly disguised as insoluble problems.
Lee Kuan Yew - If you are going to lower me into the grave, and I feel something is wrong, I will get up.
Lee Kuan Yew - The problem is to keep the monkey mind from running off into all kinds of thoughts.
Lee Kuan Yew - China is a vast, disparate country; there is no alternative to strong central power.
Lee Kuan Yew - You either use the Internet or you are backward.
Lee Kuan Yew - I would not score very highly on religious value.
Lee Kuan Yew - If Singapore is a nanny state, then I am proud to have fostered one.
Lee Kuan Yew - I always tried to be correct, not politically correct.
Lee Kuan Yew - I had some very powerful minds working with me.
Lee Kuan Yew - Peace and security both in Europe and in the Pacific still depend on a balance of power.
Lee Kuan Yew - I'm not guided by what Human Rights Watch says.
Lee Unkrich - Do you ever achieve total forgiveness after screwing up?
Lee Unkrich - How about a good comedy? 'Raising Arizona.' Remains the funniest movie I've ever seen in my life.
Lee Unkrich - Every one of us at Pixar is worried that we're going to be the one to make the dud.
Lee Unkrich - Going through the Chagrin Falls school system, I always thought I was going off to art school.
Lee Unkrich - Finding a good kid actor is like finding a needle in a massive haystack.
Lee Unkrich - It's an incredible honor to be nominated by the Academy.
Lee Unkrich - The best way to bring people in and have them empathize with others is through storytelling.
Lee Unkrich - The walls between live-action and animation are becoming really porous, and it's interesting.
Lee Unkrich - 'Coco' is shaping up to be one of the most beautiful films we've made.
Lee Unkrich - I ended up being exposed to cinema that a lot of other kids wouldn't have been exposed to.
Leigh Steinberg - Be open to the amazing changes which are occurring in the field that interest you.
Leigh Steinberg - Challenge yourself, its fine not to be a totally finished person.
Leigh Steinberg - Work needs to be a reflection of your social values. You are how you work!
Leigh Steinberg - The Super Bowl is like a movie, and the quarterback is the leading man.
Leigh Steinberg - As for football in L.A., it's going to take a loooong time before another team comes here.
Leigh Steinberg - I try to live in the moment, every moment.
Leigh Steinberg - The whole concept of negotiating is intimidating to many people.
Leigh Steinberg - We can always find creative ways to do things.
Leigh Steinberg - You know, we don't look much alike, but Denzel Washington would make a great sports agent.
Leigh Steinberg - I ran track, and basically played every sport.
Leighton Meester - I've never been crazy. I'm a very good girl, to be honest. I don't do anything to hurt anybody.
Leighton Meester - I look up to my mom. She's a beautiful woman.
Leighton Meester - I'm so accustomed to being alone.
Leighton Meester - In this world, everyone wants to know everything about you, and I think that's funny.
Leighton Meester - Any fear of aging, I think, is simply vanity.
Leighton Meester - I've been so blessed to work with the people I have.
Leighton Meester - A nutritionist helps me eat healthily at home.
Leighton Meester - I've been through a lot as far as love.
Leighton Meester - Everyone has this universal understanding of roommate drama.
Leighton Meester - I love live music and I love to see people's faces when I'm performing.
Lena Dunham - Every time I start feeling sexy I trip.
Lena Dunham - I'm always afraid that I'm being unprofessional, yet I continue to sign all my e-mails 'xoxo.'
Lena Dunham - It's interesting to see how other people react to an oversharer.
Lena Dunham - I have to write people who feel honest but also push our cultural ball forward.
Lena Dunham - When it's low-budget, and you have one other person on the set, you have to make rules.
Lena Dunham - I would go to work from 9 to 6, go home, nap for two hours, then write from 8 to 2 a.m.
Lena Dunham - I love flawed female characters, duking it out.
Lena Dunham - I guess I think about doing stuff that nobody else has done.
Lena Dunham - When I graduated college I had a series of just humiliating jobs that I couldn't believe I was at.
Lena Dunham - I seriously consider television to be the people's medium.
Lena Headey - I don't think you should feel guilty about pleasure. Defeats the purpose.
Lena Headey - Maybe you just don't see your own beauty.
Lena Headey - I'm a tomboy. I used to get into a lot of fights. Don't know why - self-expression, I guess.
Lena Headey - For me, horror movies are a real escape.
Lena Headey - I think I cry when I'm angry. I let it go that way.
Lena Headey - Sometimes it's a bizarre, fairly cold, and horrifying thing to be a parent.
Lena Headey - I'm dreadful at schmoozing at Hollywood parties.
Lena Headey - Does our culture have a need for violence? I don't know. I guess it's a personal thing.
Lena Headey - I was obsessed with vampires when I was 13 or 14.
Lena Headey - I could quite happily run a florist or a bake shop.
Lenny Abrahamson - A big part of filmmaking is gathering a group of people you can work with.
Lenny Abrahamson - Delusion is not good; better to be realistic and then surprise yourself if you're lucky.
Lenny Abrahamson - For me, I always think of the image of sweeping out my footprints as I walk through a scene.
Lenny Abrahamson - Generally speaking, the misfit's story is easier to tell.
Lenny Abrahamson - There are more ways to make 'Room' badly than well.
Lenny Abrahamson - I don't think of myself as doing good works. It's not, 'Oh, I must give these poor people a voice.'
Lenny Abrahamson - You can throw away your script more easily than you can throw away your film.
Lenny Abrahamson - When I read 'Room,' I absolutely loved it, and I thought I knew how to make it.
Lenny Abrahamson - I remember a Q&A I did in Wales where there were five people in the auditorium.
Lenny Abrahamson - Films should have the capacity to bring you into another world.
Lenny Bruce - Every day people are straying away from the church and going back to God.
Lenny Bruce - The liberals can understand everything but people who don't understand them.
Lenny Bruce - In the Halls of Justice the only justice is in the halls.
Lenny Bruce - Miami Beach is where neon goes to die.
Lenny Bruce - Communism is like one big phone company.
Lenny Bruce - I hate small towns because once you've seen the cannon in the park there's nothing else to do.
Lenny Bruce - There are never enough I Love You's.
Lenny Bruce - The only truly anonymous donor is the guy who knocks up your daughter.
Lenny Bruce - If you can take the hot lead enema, then you can cast the first stone.
Lenny Bruce - When you're eight years old nothing is your business.
Lenny Kravitz - Music is my life, it is a reflection of what I go through.
Lenny Kravitz - I am trying to get closer to God.
Lenny Kravitz - I don't play the tuba.
Lenny Kravitz - I wouldn't play together with someone who likes to control everything like me.
Lenny Kravitz - God gave me the gift to be able to play instruments and I have to play.
Lenny Kravitz - I just need to know that I did the very best I could and that I was true to myself.
Lenny Kravitz - Change is growth. For me it has been a very spiritual and musical rebirth.
Lenny Kravitz - I couldn't tell you what I am going to do next 'cause I have no idea, but I am open to anything.
Lenny Kravitz - There's definitely an old school element to my music, but I also think it's modern.
Lenny Kravitz - My first guitar, a Fender Jazz Master, I traded it in for a Les Paul Deluxe.
Leo Burnett - What helps people, helps business.
Leo Burnett - Make it simple. Make it memorable. Make it inviting to look at. Make it fun to read.
Leo Burnett - Regardless of the moral issue, dishonesty in advertising has proved very unprofitable.
Leo Burnett - Too many ads that try not to go over the reader's head end up beneath his notice.
Leo Burnett - Curiosity about life in all of its aspects, I think, is still the secret of great creative people.
Leo Burnett - Fun without sell gets nowhere but sell without fun tends to become obnoxious.
Leo Burnett - There is no such thing as a permanent advertising success.
Leo Burnett - To swear off making mistakes is very easy. All you have to do is swear off having ideas.
Leo Burnett - We want consumers to say, 'That's a hell of a product' instead of, 'That's a hell of an ad.'
Leo Burnett - There's no such thing as 'hard sell' and 'soft sell.' There's only 'smart sell' and 'stupid sell.'
Leon Trotsky - Old age is the most unexpected of all things that happen to a man.
Leon Trotsky - There are no absolute rules of conduct, either in peace or war. Everything depends on circumstances.
Leon Trotsky - If we had more time for discussion we should probably have made a great many more mistakes.
Leon Trotsky - From being a patriotic myth, the Russian people have become an awful reality.
Leon Trotsky - You may not be interested in strategy, but strategy is interested in you.
Leon Trotsky - The end may justify the means as long as there is something that justifies the end.
Leon Trotsky - Fascism is nothing but capitalist reaction.
Leon Trotsky - Revolutions are always verbose.
Leon Trotsky - Insurrection is an art, and like all arts has its own laws.
Leon Trotsky - Technique is noticed most markedly in the case of those who have not mastered it.
Leona Lewis - I'm very sensitive and I'm quite a soft person, and I cry a lot when things upset me.
Leona Lewis - I think it's always important to be vigilant of what you're doing and aware of your surroundings.
Leona Lewis - Obviously, a long-distance relationship is hard. But, like anything worth having, you make it work.
Leona Lewis - It takes bravery to end a relationship.
Leona Lewis - David Bowie is such a big influence to me. Everything about him as a person is intriguing to me.
Leona Lewis - Sometimes I think I want to get 'hair and make up' every day, but that's just not possible.
Leona Lewis - I'm living my dream.
Leona Lewis - At the end of the day, you should take every opportunity that comes your way.
Leona Lewis - I'm a positive person, and I try to look at the good side of everything.
Leona Lewis - I love horseback riding. I still do it.
Leonard Cohen - There is a crack in everything, that's how the light gets in.
Leonard Cohen - Music is the emotional life of most people.
Leonard Cohen - The last refuge of the insomniac is a sense of superiority to the sleeping world.
Leonard Cohen - And I had not much of a voice. I didn't play that great guitar either.
Leonard Cohen - If I knew where the good songs came from, I'd go there more often.
Leonard Cohen - The older I get, the surer I am that I'm not running the show.
Leonard Cohen - In dreams the truth is learned that all good works are done in the absence of a caress.
Leonard Cohen - I didn't want to write for pay. I wanted to be paid for what I write.
Leonard Cohen - My two great heroes are W. B. Yeats and Federico Garca Lorca.
Leonard Cohen - When you stop thinking about yourself all the time, a certain sense of repose overtakes you.
Leonardo DiCaprio - I'm not the kind of person who tries to be cool or trendy, I'm definitely an individual.
Leonardo DiCaprio - If you can do what you do best and be happy, you're further along in life than most people.
Leonardo DiCaprio - My mother is a walking miracle.
Leonardo DiCaprio - Portraying emotionally ill characters gives me the chance to really act.
Leonardo DiCaprio - I don't see why I can't have friends of both sexes without wild rumors being circulated. It's crazy.
Leonardo DiCaprio - Raising awareness on the most pressing environmental issues of our time is more important than ever.
Leonardo DiCaprio - My career should adapt to me. Fame is like a VIP pass wherever you want to go.
Leonardo DiCaprio - Drugs? Every one has a choice and I choose not to do drugs.
Leonardo DiCaprio - When a role for a young guy is being offered to me, I think of River Phoenix. It feels like a loss.
Leonardo DiCaprio - If I want to go to a party with a few male friends, it doesn't mean I'm gay.
Les Dawson - The way prices are rising, the good old days are last week.
Les Dawson - My mother-in-law fell down a wishing well. I was amazed; I never knew they worked.
Les Dawson - I used to sell furniture for a living. The trouble was, it was my own.
Les Dawson - My wife is a sex object - every time I ask for sex, she objects.
Les Dawson - I can always tell when the mother in law's coming to stay; the mice throw themselves on the traps.
Les Dawson - Marriage is an institution and that's where a couple finish up.
Les Dawson - I've just had some bad news. Tomorrow is the mother in law's funeral. And she's cancelled it.
Les Dawson - My mother-in-law has so many wrinkles, when she smiles she looks like a Venetian blind.
Les Dawson - The wife's run off with the bloke next door. I do miss him.
Les Dawson - My mother-in-law's so fat that when she passes her handbag from hand to hand she throws it.
Lesley Nicol - When you look back, I think things are as they are meant to be. Timing is very important.
Lesley Nicol - The first role I played was Madame Ranevsky in 'The Cherry Orchard.'
Lesley Nicol - I want to have a scene with Maggie Smith.
Lesley Nicol - My poor cooking is legendary among my friends.
Lesley Nicol - I think I should be a nightclub singer. I love to sing!
Lesley Nicol - I mean, I've done musicals, but it's not my best thing.
Lesley Nicol - People have preconceptions about women of a certain age.
Lesley Nicol - People are always asking me for my favorite recipe, and I have to say, 'I don't really have one.'
Lesley Nicol - I don't do freeways.
Lesley Nicol - As an actor, you never know where the work's going to come, so you have to be flexible about it.
Leslie Odom, Jr. - I think art, at its best, happens on a conscious and a subconscious level.
Leslie Odom, Jr. - It's about polarization. You're trying to stir up something in your audience.
Leslie Odom, Jr. - Sometimes I think of creativity or art as this well that we all draw from.
Leslie Odom, Jr. - Nothing lasts forever in my profession.
Leslie Odom, Jr. - 'Hamilton' has restored my faith in theater.
Leslie Odom, Jr. - I know what feeling broke feels like real well. I know that real well.
Leslie Odom, Jr. - I'm the nap champion.
Leslie Odom, Jr. - I grew up in Philadelphia.
Leslie Odom, Jr. - I studied at Carnegie Mellon. I went there with a bunch of really, really talented kids.
Leslie Odom, Jr. - You need to put your head down and... try not to lose hope.
Letitia Baldrige - Tea time is a chance to slow down, pull back and appreciate our surroundings.
Letitia Baldrige - If you really screw up, send roses.
Letitia Baldrige - The polished executive is ultimately the happy executive who can walk gracefully through life.
Letitia Baldrige - I've become a master of the apology.
Letitia Baldrige - When in doubt, look at what everyone else is doing.
Letitia Baldrige - There is so much bad manners and oafishness in large corporations.
Letitia Baldrige - A really first-class company uses really fine stationery.
Letitia Baldrige - We ought to be vigilantes for kindness and consideration.
Letitia Baldrige - When you pass 70, you forget your enemies. You think about the nice people instead.
Letitia Baldrige - It's nice to compliment people on what they're wearing, but don't make insincere compliments.
LeVar Burton - I fly my geek flag proudly. Absolutely.
LeVar Burton - There would be no Star Trek unless there were transporter malfunctions.
LeVar Burton - It's not about division. It's not about politics. My concern is how do we come together?
LeVar Burton - All literature is political.
LeVar Burton - I genuinely believe we have an opportunity to revolutionize how we educate our children.
LeVar Burton - This wired generation is kind of cool.
LeVar Burton - I've always been interested in gadgets and technology and I've always been a reader.
LeVar Burton - I'm excited to see how current and future technologies revolutionize the way we learn.
LeVar Burton - If we marry educational technology with quality, enriching content, that's a circle of win.
LeVar Burton - I get most of my news updates from electronic and social media.
Levon Helm - Good times don't last long sometimes.
Levon Helm - I've had all the lessons I could get. I've learned from everybody I've ever met.
Levon Helm - Dad and mom would have preferred that I be a doctor, a lawyer, a scientist, or a great humanitarian.
Levon Helm - I don't fool with a lot of things that I can't have fun with. There's not much reward in that.
Levon Helm - If you pour some music on whatever's wrong, it'll sure help out.
Levon Helm - My dad and I played music. He teaches me a song or two every time I'm home.
Levon Helm - The crowd is just as important as the group. It takes everything to make it work.
Levon Helm - There were no rules, other than that the song should sound good and be fun to play.
Levon Helm - We all love musical architecture; there's no doubt about that.
Levon Helm - I don't think I'm a millionaire, but I'm comfortable.
Lewis B. Smedes - To forgive is to set a prisoner free and discover that the prisoner was you.
Lewis B. Smedes - The lies we tell ourselves are the most subtle of all lies.
Lewis B. Smedes - Some people have loved ones they will not forsake, even though they are a pain in the neck.
Lewis B. Smedes - It takes one person to forgive, it takes two people to be reunited.
Lewis B. Smedes - Our sense of fairness tells us that people should pay for the wrong they do.
Lewis B. Smedes - Seeing reality for what it is is what we call discernment. The work of discernment is very hard.
Lewis B. Smedes - Forgiving is love's toughest work, and love's biggest risk.
Lewis B. Smedes - God is not a doormat, nor should anyone else be a doormat.
Lewis B. Smedes - The God who has the whole world in his hands has grace for the whole world in his heart.
Lewis B. Smedes - Nothing enables us to forgive like knowing in our hearts that we have been forgiven.
Lewis Black - I like coffee because it gives me the illusion that I might be awake.
Lewis Black - Republicans have nothing but bad ideas and Democrats have no ideas.
Lewis Black - There's no such thing as soy milk. It's soy juice.
Lewis Black - All the candy corn that was ever made was made in 1911.
Lewis Black - Everybody's got cable.
Lewis Black - I'm not a great joke writer, which is odd for a comic to say, but I'm not.
Lewis Black - I love anything that gets me outside of my own head.
Lewis Black - As psychotic as it gets outside, the comic can be more psychotic.
Lewis Black - Do you know what 'meteorologist' means in English? It means liar.
Lewis Black - You got to be just stupid to not be focused on alternative energy.
Lewis Howes - Effective networking isn't a result of luck - it requires hard work and persistence.
Lewis Howes - No one cares about your logo, nor the font size that's on your site.
Lewis Howes - Action can cure fear and hesitation and doubt.
Lewis Howes - One of the best and often overlooked traffic sources online is LinkedIn.
Lewis Howes - If you can't be present when the time comes, then you may miss the opportunity.
Lewis Howes - You can manage your energy - just slow down and be.
Lewis Howes - Staying consistent with positive habits can be a challenge.
Lewis Howes - I think I just care about people, and I have a mission to support them to succeed.
Lewis Howes - We all know a lot about something. We all have a passion about something.
Lewis Howes - Social media is not the place to work out your problems with people.
Lewis Mumford - A certain amount of opposition is a great help to a man. Kites rise against, not with, the wind.
Lewis Mumford - A man of courage never needs weapons, but he may need bail.
Lewis Mumford - To curb the machine and limit art to handicraft is a denial of opportunity.
Lewis Mumford - Our national flower is the concrete cloverleaf.
Lewis Mumford - New York is the perfect model of a city, not the model of a perfect city.
Lewis Mumford - Forget the damned motor car and build the cities for lovers and friends.
Lewis Mumford - Traditionalists are pessimists about the future and optimists about the past.
Lewis Mumford - War is the supreme drama of a completely mechanized society.
Lewis Mumford - In war, the army is not merely a pure consumer, but a negative producer.
Lewis Mumford - Don't take the will for the deed; get the deed.
Li Keqiang - Changes call for innovation, and innovation leads to progress.
Li Keqiang - We can't have it so there are skyscrapers side by side with slums.
Li Keqiang - We live in a global village. No country can live in isolation of others like Robinson Crusoe.
Li Keqiang - China is not looking for a trade surplus but wants to import more French goods.
Li Keqiang - China not only does not support hacking but also opposes it.
Li Keqiang - In this Internet age of shared information, even if you don't tell the people, they will find out.
Li Keqiang - The African people and tribal chiefs are hospitable, and African music and dances are invigorating.
Li Keqiang - The world today needs both western thinking and oriental vision.
Li Keqiang - We need to leave to the market and society what they can do well.
Li Keqiang - Stable growth ensures employment.
Li Na - It was a big decision to leave the system because many people said I would fail.
Li Na - I need some time to recover. I'm not a machine.
Li Na - I just follow my heart.
Li Na - I would prefer to have no money but to have a nice family and good friends around.
Li Na - In badminton, they use a lot from the wrist. But I use a lot from the shoulder.
Li Na - Of course, after I retire I want to be the housewife, really.
Li Na - I just keep fighting and try to be the last one standing.
Li Na - I don't need to worry about being idolised.
Li Na - I feel like my whole life only tennis.
Li Na - I would like to say now I was very enjoy the life right now.
Liam Hemsworth - I don't generally hang out with crazy people.
Liam Hemsworth - Sushi is my favorite thing to do in L.A.
Liam Hemsworth - I learn more with every job, and I'm very thankful for where I am.
Liam Hemsworth - We all make mistakes, and it's not until we make mistakes that we learn.
Liam Hemsworth - I love my brothers' kids. It's funny - as an uncle, you become so protective of them.
Liam Hemsworth - For a few years, I went down a path where I forgot to be in the moment and enjoy the moment.
Liam Hemsworth - I read a lot of Zen books. And I grew up surfing, so that has always been my escape.
Liam Hemsworth - If I have one addiction in life, it's probably food.
Liam Hemsworth - As the younger brother, I think you always have crushes on your older brother's girlfriends.
Liam Hemsworth - Volleyball was the hardest thing I've ever had to do.
Liam Neeson - It's an ongoing joy being a dad.
Liam Neeson - Yeah, well, I finally stopped smoking for good.
Liam Neeson - But, you know, sex is controversial, it just is and it always will be.
Liam Neeson - Getting married and settling down isn't the most important thing in my life.
Liam Neeson - I always wanted to be a cowboy, and Jedi Knights are basically cowboys in space, right?
Liam Neeson - I'm not the kind of actor that would know what my character had for breakfast last Tuesday.
Liam Neeson - It's interesting, the more successful you become the more people want to give you stuff for nothing.
Liam Neeson - I'm constantly reading books on God or the absence of God and atheism.
Liam Neeson - Hollywood is throwing action movies at me.
Liam Neeson - I don't know if I'm a strict parent or a pushover.
Liam Smith - I'm not going to say I'm not ready for a fighter like Canelo Alvarez.
Liam Smith - Give me the respect I deserve.
Liam Smith - My mum will never let me be anything but grounded.
Liam Smith - If you ask anyone who my mum's blue-eyed boy is, they will say it is me.
Liam Smith - If you put a camera on the wall, you would laugh at some of the fights me and my brothers had.
Liam Smith - I'm a humble guy, I'm pretty down to earth.
Liam Smith - Before British title fights, I've played football on a Saturday before; it's silly as it is.
Liam Smith - I don't care who's in front of me; nobody is going to stop me from winning the world title.
Liam Smith - I'm not stupid. I know on paper I'm the B-side of this fight. Canelo's the big name.
Liam Smith - Canelo isn't a full light-middleweight like I am, and that's to my advantage.
Liev Schreiber - If you fall in love with somebody you're working with, fine, but wait till your project is over.
Liev Schreiber - There's the private persona and the public persona and the two shall never meet.
Liev Schreiber - You should never ask actors about politics.
Liev Schreiber - If you are going to remake a film, you may as well remake a classic.
Liev Schreiber - I'm not that interested in working with impervious people.
Liev Schreiber - I'm misrepresented as a scary person. I'm not. It's all about my size and my eyebrows.
Liev Schreiber - You know, I have a deep, deep affinity for Dr. Seuss.
Liev Schreiber - Where else do you find great directors? Acting is one of the places.
Liev Schreiber - I think that everything I've ever done at some point is part of someone else's legacy.
Liev Schreiber - Entitlement is lethal.
Lil' Kim - I respect everybody, but at the same time, I carry myself with an aura that demands respect, too.
Lil' Kim - I haven't had sex in eight months. To be honest, I now prefer to go bowling.
Lil' Kim - Lil' Kim is my stage name and a character I use when I'm out working my livelihood.
Lil' Kim - I'm a girly girl. I'm strong, but I'm very timid. Very dainty.
Lil' Kim - I love doing things people don't expect.
Lil' Kim - When you are a real artist who is serious about your craft, you love good music. Period.
Lil' Kim - I am definitely the queen. I definitely see myself as the queen.
Lil' Kim - A lot of people let me down... A lot of people I thought were my friends turned on me.
Lil' Kim - I love spending time with my dog, my niece and my family. I'm very family-oriented.
Lil' Kim - I love being the underdog sometimes.
Lilly Singh - You need a really solid foundation of friends and family to keep you where you need to be.
Lilly Singh - I know one of the reasons I first started making Youtube videos was because no one looks like me.
Lilly Singh - Happiness is the only thing worth fighting for in your life.
Lilly Singh - I'm the type of person who doesn't hope, dream or wish for things. I work and work and work.
Lilly Singh - It's really important to talk to yourself and look at yourself in the mirror and love who you are.
Lilly Singh - There's no escalators - there's only staircases to success. There is no substitute for hard work.
Lilly Singh - I always say that when I first started, my videos were very veered towards Indian people.
Lilly Singh - I've discovered home is not a place anymore. It's the people around you.
Lilly Singh - My inspiration comes from my real life experiences.
Lilly Singh - The good thing about me is, I only do deals with people that I love to begin with.
Lily James - The first Disney movie I saw I think was 'Snow White.' I loved all the Disney princess movies.
Lily James - I love clothes but it's a struggle for me to get out of jeans and a baggy jumper.
Lily James - For exams, I swotted so hard because I couldn't bear the thought of not coming first.
Lily James - I love to start the morning with a mist spray, especially after a night out.
Lily James - When people feel good, they look good.
Lily James - I really want to play interesting roles, but you want to work, so it's a balancing game.
Lily James - I naturally have a really small waist.
Lily James - It's pretty disabling sometimes, the terror of not living up. My expectations are the worst.
Lily James - As cynical as I can be, there's always a part of me that believes in love and the fairy tale.
Lily James - I want to be Ursula in 'The Little Mermaid.'
Lily Tomlin - I always wanted to be somebody, but now I realize I should have been more specific.
Lily Tomlin - I like a teacher who gives you something to take home to think about besides homework.
Lily Tomlin - Man invented language to satisfy his deep need to complain.
Lily Tomlin - The trouble with the rat race is that even if you win, you're still a rat.
Lily Tomlin - I always wondered why somebody doesn't do something about that. Then I realized I was somebody.
Lily Tomlin - If truth is beauty, how come no one has their hair done in the library?
Lily Tomlin - Reality is the leading cause of stress among those in touch with it.
Lily Tomlin - The road to success is always under construction.
Lily Tomlin - Creating characters is just another way to express a type and put that type to use.
Lily Tomlin - I personally think we developed language because of our deep need to complain.
Lin-Manuel Miranda - History is so subjective. The teller of it determines it.
Lin-Manuel Miranda - The musicals that leave us kind of staggering on our feet are the ones that really reach for a lot.
Lin-Manuel Miranda - If Hamilton were on Twitter, he would have been a worse oversharer than me.
Lin-Manuel Miranda - 'Rent' was the show that made me want to write. Or that showed me you're allowed to write.
Lin-Manuel Miranda - If there is a Busta Rhymes of musical theater, it probably is Mandy Patinkin.
Lin-Manuel Miranda - The only shows I saw as a kid were that holy trinity: 'Les Miz,' 'Cats,' 'Phantom.'
Lin-Manuel Miranda - What 'Twilight Zone' did was show we all have a great capacity for good and evil.
Lin-Manuel Miranda - I kind of need to be ambulatory to write lyrics.
Lin-Manuel Miranda - Everything we know about Hamilton, we knew when he was alive, because he told us.
Lin-Manuel Miranda - I only know how to write musicals.
Linda Evangelista - It was God who made me so beautiful. If I weren't, then I'd be a teacher.
Linda Evangelista - I don't get out of bed for less than $10,000 a day.
Linda Evangelista - I can do anything you want me to do so long as I don't have to speak.
Linda Evangelista - We have this expression, Christy and I. We don't wake up for less than $10,000 a day.
Linda Evangelista - We don't vogue, we are 'Vogue'.
Linda Evangelista - Being a rock star was out of the question. I can't sing.
Linda Evangelista - When I started in the business, I was told I had three good years in me.
Linda Evangelista - I'm so glad this worked out for me, I do think I know how to be a good model.
Linda Evangelista - I never get out of bed for less than $10,000 a day.
Linda Evangelista - On days when I do not work, I am working on my image.
Lindsay Lohan - Never say never. The things that you don't plan are the best. I'm a very spontaneous person.
Lindsay Lohan - I just love fashion. I think it just expresses who you are so much.
Lindsay Lohan - Life is full of risks anyway; why not take them?
Lindsay Lohan - My motto is: Live every day to the fullest - in moderation.
Lindsay Lohan - Beauty is grace and confidence. I've learned to accept and appreciate what nature gave me.
Lindsay Lohan - I'm an angel compared to some of my friends.
Lindsay Lohan - I love my red hair. It makes me spunkier.
Lindsay Lohan - It's my body. And I like my body. And I like my breasts. And no, they're not fake.
Lindsay Lohan - I hate it when people call me a teen queen.
Lindsay Lohan - There's a way of dealing with hardships that are healthier than going out. That's what I've learned.
Lindsey Graham - If 'Obama-care' becomes fully implemented in 2014, it's going to bankrupt states.
Lindsey Graham - Iran is part of the problem, not the solution. And the Russian government is ignoring reality.
Lindsey Graham - The politics of judges is getting to be red hot.
Lindsey Graham - We're failing when it comes to controlling spending.
Lindsey Graham - It's really American to avoid paying taxes, legally.
Lindsey Graham - The legal system in Afghanistan is very immature and porous.
Lindsey Graham - Well, thank God for a media that will ask questions.
Lindsey Graham - It's one thing to shoot yourself in the foot. Just don't reload the gun.
Lindsey Graham - President Obama chose politics over leadership. 'Hope' and 'Change' have become bait-and-switch.
Lindsey Graham - It puts limits on criminals' rights to destroy unborn children without the permission of the woman.
Lindsey Stirling - I was very unfamiliar with YouTube; I thought it was the place for dog and cat videos.
Lindsey Stirling - As a kid, I was creative and unique, and I've had that my whole life.
Lindsey Stirling - I never would've tried YouTube if I hadn't had so many doors slammed in my face.
Lindsey Stirling - YouTube did more for me than 'America's Got Talent.'
Lindsey Stirling - Every time before I go into the studio, I say a prayer, and I really ask God for inspiration.
Lindsey Stirling - All the things I do in my videos - the jumps, twirls and back bends - will also be onstage.
Lindsey Stirling - I just loved EDM because I felt like it inspired dance and movement.
Lindsey Stirling - YouTube is such a funny little world. You can create a fanbase.
Lindsey Stirling - Once I know a song really well, I can then have fun dancing.
Lindsey Stirling - It was Skrillex who got me into dubstep. He made it melodic - not just a bunch of crazy sounds.
Lindsey Vonn - It's amazing. Life changes very quickly, in a very positive way, if you let it.
Lindsey Vonn - My mother-in-law's from Norway, and she's always liked old-school remedies.
Lindsey Vonn - I never thought my face would be on the cover of a Red Bull Six Pack.
Lindsey Vonn - In the end, it's a mental maturity to let your best come out.
Lindsey Vonn - When you fall, get right back up.
Lindsey Vonn - I get up early, but it doesn't mean I like getting up early.
Lindsey Vonn - You are only limited to what you push yourself to, you know? You can always get better.
Lindsey Vonn - Ninety percent of the day is working out. Sometimes I get my nails done and go to the grocery store.
Lindsey Vonn - Setbacks motivate me.
Lindsey Vonn - Skiing takes so much out of me, and when I start a family, I want to do it 100%.
Linus Torvalds - If Microsoft ever does applications for Linux it means I've won.
Linus Torvalds - Microsoft isn't evil, they just make really crappy operating systems.
Linus Torvalds - Software is like sex: it's better when it's free.
Linus Torvalds - My name is Linus, and I am your God.
Linus Torvalds - Any program is only as good as it is useful.
Linus Torvalds - I do get my pizzas paid for by Linux indirectly.
Linus Torvalds - I'm generally a very pragmatic person: that which works, works.
Linus Torvalds - In my opinion MS is a lot better at making money than it is at making good operating systems.
Linus Torvalds - Making Linux GPL'd was definitely the best thing I ever did.
Linus Torvalds - Non-technical questions sometimes don't have an answer at all.
Lionel Messi - You have to fight to reach your dream. You have to sacrifice and work hard for it.
Lionel Messi - There are more important things in life than winning or losing a game.
Lionel Messi - What I do is play soccer, which is what I like.
Lionel Messi - In football as in watchmaking, talent and elegance mean nothing without rigour and precision.
Lionel Messi - Today I am the happiest man in the world, my son was born and thanks to God for this gift.
Lionel Messi - The day you think there is no improvements to be made is a sad one for any player.
Lionel Messi - When the year starts the objective is to win it all with the team, personal records are secondary.
Lionel Messi - It's scoring goals that's great, whether against Brazil or anybody else.
Lionel Messi - You have to show up in the World Cup, and in the World Cup anything can happen.
Lionel Messi - Sometimes you have to accept you can't win all the time.
Lionel Richie - People, as critical as it looks, we're OK. We are in control, whether we feel it or not.
Lionel Richie - 'Let the music play on' would be my legacy.
Lionel Richie - Just when I think it couldn't get any bigger, 'Tuskegee' reaches a new level of success.
Lionel Richie - I find myself going out on the road to get my confidence back, because I lose it at home.
Lionel Richie - All artists are egotistical maniacs with inferiority complexes.
Lionel Richie - Greatness comes from fear. Fear can either shut us down and we go home, or we fight through it.
Lionel Richie - People have allowed me into their homes, through my words and my music.
Lionel Richie - My earliest memories of country music are the Grand Ole Opry.
Lionel Richie - I always like to challenge myself. I never want to be put into a box.
Lionel Richie - Country music has always been about as close to R&B as you can possibly get. We're storytellers.
Lisa Ling - There's so much grey to every story - nothing is so black and white.
Lisa Ling - The best education I have ever received was through travel.
Lisa Ling - We live in a culture where we're bombarded with so much noise and so much insecurity.
Lisa Ling - I never run hills. My quads are already big enough. I don't run to build muscle; I do it for cardio.
Lisa Ling - I'm determined to raise a strong girl.
Lisa Ling - We are such a product of our upbringing and environment.
Lisa Ling - My hope is that I can somehow raise the level of consciousness about world events.
Lisa Ling - I have not watched 'Honey Boo Boo'.
Lisa Ling - Our time on Earth is so random.
Lisa Ling - I fancy myself as being a fairly competent person.
Lisa Marie Presley - Anybody in the spotlight can get lost in that if they are not careful.
Lisa Marie Presley - I have a tendency to kick it up. I like to rattle the cage.
Lisa Marie Presley - I'll say it loud and say it proud. I'm completely insane.
Lisa Marie Presley - You are always learning; there is a lot of grey; don't take things for granted.
Lisa Marie Presley - I want to pave my own path artistically.
Lisa Marie Presley - I think I've failed every test I've ever taken. If there was a failure I would have been it.
Lisa Marie Presley - Being Elvis Presley's daughter is a whole lot of pressure. It's been a constant burden in my life.
Lisa Marie Presley - I'm just not interested in selling out to get on the charts and make people happy.
Lisa Marie Presley - Music has always gotten me through life, particularly honest, real music.
Lisa Marie Presley - If you lined up everyone I've ever dated, you wouldn't see any similarities.
Lisa Murkowski - Freedom comes from strength and self-reliance.
Lisa Murkowski - The war against terrorism is one we must win.
Lisa Murkowski - We need to face it, as a nation we have a reliance on petroleum.
Lisa Murkowski - I've supported the repeal of ObamaCare.
Lisa Murkowski - I have never once asked Alaskans to like how I got this job.
Lisa Murkowski - I am working for Alaska's best interests.
Lisa Murkowski - Our hunting areas are the grocery store.
Lisa Murkowski - The Voting Rights Act of 1965 brought an end to the ugly Jim Crow period in American history.
Lisa Murkowski - We fail to boost our offshore production at our own expense.
Lisa Murkowski - I did not believe and I do not believe that Planned Parenthood should be defunded.
Little Richard - I don't think a woman has to act like a man to show that she has strength.
Little Richard - But men are so full of greed today, they'll sell anything for a little piece of money.
Little Richard - Some situations you cause yourself.
Little Richard - Elvis may be the King of Rock and Roll, but I am the Queen.
Little Richard - God is omnipotent, He is omniscient, and He is ever present.
Little Richard - But I'm a rock 'n' roll singer; that's my livelihood, my occupation.
Little Richard - Greed has taken the whole universe, and nobody is worried about their soul.
Little Richard - I always knew I was a man, always felt that I was a man, always wanted to be a man.
Little Richard - I did what I felt, and I felt what I did, at all costs.
Little Richard - I don't give the devil credit for creating nothing.
Livy - Rome has grown since its humble beginnings that it is now overwhelmed by its own greatness.
Livy - From abundance springs satiety.
Livy - In difficult and desperate cases, the boldest counsels are the safest.
Livy - Men are only clever at shifting blame from their own shoulders to those of others.
Livy - Men are slower to recognize blessings than misfortunes.
Livy - There is always more spirit in attack than in defence.
Livy - The sun has not yet set for all time.
Livy - It is better that a guilty man should not be brought to trial than that he should be acquitted.
Livy - Toil and pleasure, dissimilar in nature, are nevertheless united by a certain natural bond.
Livy - Truth, they say, is but too often in difficulties, but is never finally suppressed.
Liz Phair - I don't know; it just seemed like the cooler guys are playing Xbox. At least the ones I know.
Liz Phair - I'm competitive, so I don't like to feel marginalized by the people who sell a lot of records.
Liz Phair - I'm working on a proper rock record, a good, old-school rock record. Finally.
Liz Phair - I don't know what the future holds. Anything is possible.
Liz Phair - I was raised to be a very intelligent housewife.
Liz Phair - I love stretching myself musically.
Liz Phair - I just don't fit into the box.
Liz Phair - I prance around and dance by myself to hip-hop songs in the mirror.
Liz Phair - Wearing a veneer of perfection never did me any good.
Liz Phair - I don't know why it surprises people that I surprise them.
Liza Minnelli - Anything is possible in this world. I really believe that.
Liza Minnelli - Reality is something you rise above.
Liza Minnelli - Audiences are the same all over the world, and if you entertain them, they'll respond.
Liza Minnelli - I mean, I inherited the disease of alcoholism, and I learned early to get help when I needed it.
Liza Minnelli - The regrets of yesterday and the fear of tomorrow can kill you.
Liza Minnelli - You have to work hard for it, but first you have to want it, and then you have to dream on it.
Liza Minnelli - I'm fine, and my hips are fine. My false knee is fine. My false hips are fine. Everything's cooking.
Liza Minnelli - What good is sitting all alone in your room?
Liza Minnelli - Smoking is one of the leading causes of all statistics.
Liza Minnelli - In Hollywood now when people die they don't say, 'Did he leave a will?' but 'Did he leave a diary?'
Lizzie Armitstead - I'm suited to harsh conditions, I don't like racing in the heat.
Lizzie Armitstead - I find weddings too procedural sometimes. I just want a big, fun party.
Lizzie Armitstead - I don't look at my emails on the weekend or after 6 o'clock in the day.
Lizzie Armitstead - I love being world champion.
Lizzie Armitstead - It's no big deal if I disappoint strangers.
Lizzie Armitstead - I will never cheat in any walk of life.
Lizzie Armitstead - A world championship medal on the road is something that I'm missing from my CV.
Lizzie Armitstead - I'm 100 per cent motivated. I haven't done enough yet in cycling to be satisfied.
Lizzie Armitstead - I am sorry for causing anyone to lose faith in sport.
Lizzie Armitstead - I'm quite un-traditional.
LL Cool J - Stay focused, go after your dreams and keep moving toward your goals.
LL Cool J - God blesses us all with different views and perspectives and levels of influence and power.
LL Cool J - Our world is at the crossroads. We have a choice, right and wrong.
LL Cool J - You don't need to be the good guy to get a good message out.
LL Cool J - Nobody is perfect, but life is about choices.
LL Cool J - I think when you move past your fear and you go after your dreams wholeheartedly, you become free.
LL Cool J - I was listening to Jimi Hendrix; I just admire his artistry and creativity as an artist.
LL Cool J - Timing has a lot to with art.
LL Cool J - I am what I am, I'm doing very well in my life, and I'm thankful to God for that.
LL Cool J - I've got to see my movie to see how I'm acting, see what little things I can learn about my craft.
Logan Pearsall Smith - It takes a great man to give sound advice tactfully, but a greater to accept it graciously.
Logan Pearsall Smith - It is through the cracks in our brains that ecstasy creeps in.
Logan Pearsall Smith - People say that life is the thing, but I prefer reading.
Logan Pearsall Smith - We need two kinds of acquaintances, one to complain to, while to the others we boast.
Logan Pearsall Smith - It is the wretchedness of being rich that you have to live with rich people.
Logan Pearsall Smith - The vitality of a new movement in Art must be gauged by the fury it arouses.
Logan Pearsall Smith - Solvency is entirely a matter of temperament and not of income.
Logan Pearsall Smith - Our names are labels, plainly printed on the bottled essence of our past behavior.
Logan Pearsall Smith - Happiness is a wine of the rarest vintage, and seems insipid to a vulgar taste.
Logan Pearsall Smith - If you want to be thought a liar, always tell the truth.
Loni Love - I like having peace and quiet in my life, and I am perfectly happy in my relationships.
Loni Love - I have a fear of being broke. That's what I have a fear of. I'm not kidding.
Loni Love - Life is funny, and that's why I celebrate it in my shows.
Loni Love - I do talk about celebrity relationships like Kim Kardashian's. I like to find the humor in love.
Loni Love - That's a nice thing about being a topical standup: you can add in things to keep it fresh.
Loni Love - Being in the Girl Scouts took me out of the projects environment and showed me different things.
Loni Love - Whatever you're destined to do, you will be.
Loni Love - One of my dreams was to change the way women of color were seen on television.
Loni Love - I'm fat, and I support fat celebrities, like Oprah.
Loni Love - If you are a woman with your own money, you have confidence. You have the pick of the litter.
Lord Acton - Power tends to corrupt and absolute power corrupts absolutely.
Lord Acton - History is not a burden on the memory but an illumination of the soul.
Lord Acton - Learn as much by writing as by reading.
Lord Acton - Liberty is not the power of doing what we like, but the right to do what we ought.
Lord Acton - To be able to look back upon one's past life with satisfaction is to live twice.
Lord Acton - The long term versus the short term argument is one used by losers.
Lord Acton - The danger is not that a particular class is unfit to govern: every class is unfit to govern.
Lord Acton - Liberty is not a means to a higher political end. It is itself the highest political end.
Lord Acton - Save for the wild force of Nature, nothing moves in this world that is not Greek in its origin.
Lord Acton - Socialism means slavery.
Loretta Lynch - A license to practice law is not a license to violate it.
Loretta Lynch - It's a great thing to live in a digital age. It's convenient; it's fast.
Loretta Lynch - When suspicion and hostility is allowed to fester, it can erupt into unrest.
Loretta Lynch - We don't always choose moments. You know, sometimes they choose us.
Loretta Lynch - After all we have been through, blacks and other minorities deserve to be protected, as anyone else.
Loretta Lynch - I believe that the death penalty is an effective penalty.
Loretta Lynch - Michael Grimm never met a tax he didn't lie to evade.
Loretta Lynch - Russell Defreitas plotted to commit a terrorist attack that he hoped would rival 9/11.
Loretta Lynch - Those who willfully conceal assets overseas undermine the playing field for all taxpayers.
Loretta Lynch - I truly love coming to work every day.
Loretta Lynn - I've been around a long time, and life still has a whole lot of surprises for me.
Loretta Lynn - I loved being outside. We'd hold lightning bugs in our fingers and pretend they were diamond rings.
Loretta Lynn - You get used to sadness, growing up in the mountains, I guess.
Loretta Lynn - The night I announced I was getting married, Daddy paced for hours on the porch.
Loretta Lynn - I'd love to travel to the Holy Land.
Loretta Lynn - How do you measure your value?
Loretta Lynn - In the long run, you make your own luck - good, bad, or indifferent.
Loretta Lynn - I didn't know how babies were made until I was pregnant with my fourth child.
Loretta Lynn - When something is bothering me, I write a song that tells my feelings.
Loretta Lynn - The country is making a big mistake not teaching kids to cook and raise a garden and build fires.
Loretta Young - Wearing the correct dress for any occasion is a matter of good manners.
Loretta Young - I'm grateful to God for His bountiful gifts... He gave me courage and faith in myself.
Loretta Young - A charming woman... doesn't follow the crowd. She is herself.
Loretta Young - I believe that prayer is our powerful contact with the greatest force in the universe.
Loretta Young - I couldn't bear it if anyone knew I had hardly any self-confidence at all.
Loretta Young - If you want a place in the sun, you have to expect a few blisters.
Loretta Young - I was deaf and dumb and blind to all but me, myself and I.
Loretta Young - Unless some misfortune has made it impossible, everyone can have good posture.
Loretta Young - The split second she ceases to care is the only time a woman ceases to be attractive.
Loretta Young - Just because you want to be glamorous, don't be a sheep about your eye makeup.
Lou Ferrigno - The attitude is very important. Because, your behavior radiates how you feel.
Lou Ferrigno - If you are going to try and hide something, sooner or later people are going to find out.
Lou Ferrigno - 'The Hulk' was the beginning of me, a platform as an actor to grow.
Lou Ferrigno - You are going to have bad days and have good days.
Lou Ferrigno - To be a champion you must act like one, act like a champion.
Lou Ferrigno - The truth is, I've been the Hulk my whole life.
Lou Ferrigno - I have always had an ambition to do 'Dancing with the Stars.'
Lou Ferrigno - I did a movie 'I Love You, Man' and it got great reviews; it was very enjoyable.
Lou Ferrigno - I have a tremendous passion for fitness, I love challenges and I am a very driven guy.
Lou Ferrigno - I never think about losing.
Lou Reed - There's a bit of magic in everything, and some loss to even things out.
Lou Reed - I'm an artist and that means I can be as egotistical as I want to be.
Lou Reed - When I record an album I'm trying to get as close as possible to that perfect moment.
Lou Reed - Life is like Sanskrit read to a pony.
Lou Reed - One chord is fine. Two chords are pushing it. Three chords and you're into jazz.
Lou Reed - I love Ornette Coleman. I love Don Cherry. I love the way those guys play.
Lou Reed - I think that everything happens for a reason, everything happens when it's going to happen.
Lou Reed - One of my rules is: Never listen to your old stuff.
Lou Reed - I'll tell ya, I'm a genuinely nice guy. I really am. A real nice guy. But I think I'm temperamental.
Lou Reed - I think life is far too short to concentrate on your past. I rather look into the future.
Louis Armstrong - Musicians don't retire; they stop when there's no more music in them.
Louis Armstrong - If you have to ask what jazz is, you'll never know.
Louis Armstrong - There is two kinds of music, the good, and the bad. I play the good kind.
Louis Armstrong - We all do 'do, re, mi,' but you have got to find the other notes yourself.
Louis Armstrong - What we play is life.
Louis Armstrong - There are some people that if they don't know, you can't tell them.
Louis Armstrong - All music is folk music. I ain't never heard a horse sing a song.
Louis Armstrong - Music is life itself. What would this world be without good music? No matter what kind it is.
Louis Armstrong - You blows who you is.
Louis Armstrong - The memory of things gone is important to a jazz musician.
Louis D. Brandeis - There are no shortcuts in evolution.
Louis D. Brandeis - Neutrality is at times a graver sin than belligerence.
Louis D. Brandeis - The logic of words should yield to the logic of realities.
Louis D. Brandeis - If you would only recognize that life is hard, things would be so much easier for you.
Louis D. Brandeis - If we desire respect for the law, we must first make the law respectable.
Louis D. Brandeis - The most important political office is that of the private citizen.
Louis D. Brandeis - Most of the things worth doing in the world had been declared impossible before they were done.
Louis D. Brandeis - If we would guide by the light of reason we must let our minds be bold.
Louis D. Brandeis - Behind every argument is someone's ignorance.
Louis D. Brandeis - Organisation can never be a substitute for initiative and for judgement.
Louis Farrakhan - I loved Elijah Muhammad with a love that I can't adequately describe.
Louis Farrakhan - They call them terrorists, I call them freedom fighters.
Louis Farrakhan - White people are potential humans - they haven't evolved yet.
Louis Farrakhan - I was never named in the early years as having anything to do with the assassination of Malcolm.
Louis Farrakhan - I am hoping that in this year of the family we will go into our families and reconcile differences.
Louis Farrakhan - I don't think about my legacy, if indeed, I have one.
Louis Farrakhan - They should regard me as what I am. I am a spiritual leader and teacher.
Louis Farrakhan - I think that rather than condemning Islam, Islam needs to be studied by those who are sincere.
Louis Farrakhan - I think that ego-driven leaders will be a thing of the past because the masses are tired.
Louis Farrakhan - Anarchy may await America, due to the daily injustices suffered by the people.
Louis Kahn - Consider the momentous event in architecture when the wall parted and the column became.
Louis Kahn - Design is not making beauty, beauty emerges from selection, affinities, integration, love.
Louis Kahn - I try to create homes, not houses.
Louis Kahn - Architecture is the thoughtful making of space.
Louis Kahn - Architecture is the reaching out for the truth.
Louis Kahn - What does a house want to be?
Louis Kahn - In a small room one does not say what one would in a large room.
Louis Kahn - A room is not a room without natural light.
Louis Kahn - Architecture struck me between the eye and the eyeball.
Louis Kahn - Every building must have... its own soul.
Louis L'Amour - All loose things seem to drift down to the sea, and so did I.
Louis L'Amour - A wise man fights to win, but he is twice a fool who has no plan for possible defeat.
Louis L'Amour - Nobody got anywhere in the world by simply being content.
Louis L'Amour - I think of myself... as a troubadour, a village storyteller, the guy in the shadows of the campfire.
Louis L'Amour - A good beginning makes a good end.
Louis L'Amour - A great book begins with an idea; a great life, with a determination.
Louis L'Amour - No one can get an education, for of necessity education is a continuing process.
Louis L'Amour - He might never really do what he said, but at least he had it in mind. He had somewhere to go.
Louis L'Amour - To disbelieve is easy; to scoff is simple; to have faith is harder.
Louis L'Amour - Too often I would hear men boast of the miles covered that day, rarely of what they had seen.
Louis Theroux - I'm not that comfortable doing polemic or being strident.
Louis Theroux - Arguably, there's an emotional side of life that I'm not always completely plugged into.
Louis Theroux - I like eating food after it's gone off.
Louis Theroux - All religions are, in some basic sense, irrational.
Louis Theroux - I am genuinely a bit confused about the world, a little bit bumbling.
Louis Theroux - I am genuinely slightly vague and chaotic in my habits. For good or ill, you know.
Louis Theroux - The trouble is, I just don't know if I'm too human or not human enough.
Louis Theroux - A lot of money could be saved if we ate urban wildlife.
Louis Theroux - Reflecting the truth sounds easy, but sometimes it's not.
Louis Theroux - I'm not pugnacious or argumentative. I'd probably feel fear going into a pub in the Outback.
Louis XIV - First feelings are always the most natural.
Louis XIV - Every time I appoint someone to a vacant position, I make a hundred unhappy and one ungrateful.
Louis XIV - It is legal because I wish it.
Louis XIV - There is little that can withstand a man who can conquer himself.
Louis XIV - Laws are the sovereigns of sovereigns.
Louis XIV - It is impossible to please all the world.
Louis XIV - I am the state.
Louis XIV - Every time I create an appointment, I create a hundred malcontents and one ingrate.
Louis XIV - I could sooner reconcile all Europe than two women.
Louis XIV - The Pyrenees are no more.
Louisa May Alcott - I'm not afraid of storms, for I'm learning how to sail my ship.
Louisa May Alcott - Happy is the son whose faith in his mother remains unchallenged.
Louisa May Alcott - Do the things you know, and you shall learn the truth you need to know.
Louisa May Alcott - I am not afraid of storms for I am learning how to sail my ship.
Louisa May Alcott - Love is a great beautifier.
Louisa May Alcott - Good books, like good friends, are few and chosen; the more select, the more enjoyable.
Louisa May Alcott - It takes two flints to make a fire.
Louisa May Alcott - Women have been called queens for a long time, but the kingdom given them isn't worth ruling.
Louisa May Alcott - Work is and always has been my salvation and I thank the Lord for it.
Louisa May Alcott - He who believes is strong; he who doubts is weak. Strong convictions precede great actions.
Luc de Clapiers - Great thoughts come from the heart.
Luc de Clapiers - The wicked are always surprised to find ability in the good.
Luc de Clapiers - Clarity is the counterbalance of profound thoughts.
Luc de Clapiers - One promises much, to avoid giving little.
Luc de Clapiers - Indolence is the sleep of the mind.
Luc de Clapiers - The things we know best are the things we haven't been taught.
Luc de Clapiers - Lazy people are always anxious to be doing something.
Luc de Clapiers - All grand thoughts come from the heart.
Luc de Clapiers - We should expect the best and the worst of mankind, as from the weather.
Luc de Clapiers - Patience is the art of hoping.
Lucas Till - I'm sure there are some haters out there, but I just put my blinders on.
Lucas Till - 'Crush' was my first number one on the call sheet.
Lucas Till - It was awesome and liberating to play a Russian spy.
Lucas Till - I hate the amount of communication, the obligation that you have just by owning a phone.
Lucas Till - Hard work always wins in the end.
Lucas Till - All my childhood dreams have come true.
Lucas Till - I'm really into video games.
Lucas Till - I would describe my relationship with my couch as symbiotic - others would describe it as dangerous.
Lucas Till - 'Legend of the Drunken Master' was my favorite.
Lucas Till - My mom's a chemist, so she's pretty smart.
Lucille Ball - The secret of staying young is to live honestly, eat slowly, and lie about your age.
Lucille Ball - Once in his life, every man is entitled to fall madly in love with a gorgeous redhead.
Lucille Ball - The more things you do, the more you can do.
Lucille Ball - I'm not funny. What I am is brave.
Lucille Ball - In life, all good things come hard, but wisdom is the hardest to come by.
Lucille Ball - I'd rather regret the things I've done than regret the things I haven't done.
Lucille Ball - If you want something done, ask a busy person to do it. The more things you do, the more you can do.
Lucille Ball - I think knowing what you cannot do is more important than knowing what you can.
Lucille Ball - You see much more of your children once they leave home.
Lucille Ball - Women's Lib? Oh, I'm afraid it doesn't interest me one bit. I've been so liberated it hurts.
Lucretius - The drops of rain make a hole in the stone, not by violence, but by oft falling.
Lucretius - The fall of dropping water wears away the Stone.
Lucretius - What is food to one man is bitter poison to others.
Lucretius - Such are the heights of wickedness to which men are driven by religion.
Lucretius - It is great wealth to a soul to live frugally with a contented mind.
Lucretius - Victory puts us on a level with heaven.
Lucretius - In the midst of the fountain of wit there arises something bitter, which stings in the very flowers.
Lucretius - So potent was religion in persuading to evil deeds.
Lucretius - And life is given to none freehold, but it is leasehold for all.
Lucretius - Life is one long struggle in the dark.
Ludwig Mies van der Rohe - It is not possible to go forward while looking back.
Ludwig Mies van der Rohe - Architecture is the will of an epoch translated into space.
Ludwig Mies van der Rohe - Less is more.
Ludwig Mies van der Rohe - I don't want to be interesting. I want to be good.
Ludwig Mies van der Rohe - I do not oppose form, but only form as a goal.
Ludwig Mies van der Rohe - Architecture starts when you carefully put two bricks together. There it begins.
Ludwig Mies van der Rohe - God is in the details.
Ludwig Mies van der Rohe - Means must be subsidiary to ends and to our desire for dignity and value.
Ludwig Mies van der Rohe - Generally, I think my work has so much influence because of its reasonableness.
Ludwig Mies van der Rohe - It is no use working with other architects. What can they do? Who does what?
Ludwig van Beethoven - Music is a higher revelation than all wisdom and philosophy.
Ludwig van Beethoven - Music should strike fire from the heart of man, and bring tears from the eyes of woman.
Ludwig van Beethoven - Only the pure in heart can make a good soup.
Ludwig van Beethoven - I will seize fate by the throat; it shall certainly never wholly overcome me.
Ludwig van Beethoven - Nothing is more intolerable than to have to admit to yourself your own errors.
Ludwig van Beethoven - This is the mark of a really admirable man: steadfastness in the face of trouble.
Ludwig van Beethoven - Art! Who comprehends her? With whom can one consult concerning this great goddess?
Ludwig van Beethoven - Music is the mediator between the spiritual and the sensual life.
Ludwig van Beethoven - Beethoven can write music, thank God, but he can do nothing else on earth.
Ludwig van Beethoven - A great poet is the most precious jewel of a nation.
Ludwig von Mises - A lasting order cannot be established by bayonets.
Ludwig von Mises - Economically considered, war and revolution are always bad business.
Ludwig von Mises - If men do not now succeed in abolishing war, civilization and mankind are doomed.
Ludwig von Mises - Society has arisen out of the works of peace; the essence of society is peacemaking.
Ludwig von Mises - The attainment of the economic aims of man presupposes peace.
Ludwig von Mises - The philosophy of protectionism is a philosophy of war.
Ludwig von Mises - The worst evils which mankind has ever had to endure were inflicted by bad governments.
Ludwig von Mises - War prosperity is like the prosperity that an earthquake or a plague brings.
Ludwig von Mises - War... is harmful, not only to the conquered but to the conqueror.
Ludwig von Mises - Whoever wants peace among nations must seek to limit the state and its influence most strictly.
Ludwig Wittgenstein - The human body is the best picture of the human soul.
Ludwig Wittgenstein - If people never did silly things nothing intelligent would ever get done.
Ludwig Wittgenstein - The limits of my language means the limits of my world.
Ludwig Wittgenstein - Whereof one cannot speak, thereof one must be silent.
Ludwig Wittgenstein - A confession has to be part of your new life.
Ludwig Wittgenstein - Knowledge is in the end based on acknowledgement.
Ludwig Wittgenstein - Logic takes care of itself; all we have to do is to look and see how it does it.
Ludwig Wittgenstein - Our greatest stupidities may be very wise.
Ludwig Wittgenstein - A philosopher who is not taking part in discussions is like a boxer who never goes into the ring.
Ludwig Wittgenstein - I don't know why we are here, but I'm pretty sure that it is not in order to enjoy ourselves.
Lukas Forchhammer - It's always more fun when something happens outside of a script.
Lukas Forchhammer - It's very satisfying when you see your song at the top of the charts.
Lukas Forchhammer - We don't take advantage of our position. We keep saying no to free stuff, as we can afford it now.
Lukas Forchhammer - I bought a restaurant - that was pretty expensive.
Lukas Forchhammer - Our art, in a sense, is quite revolutionary.
Lukas Forchhammer - I never watched any award show.
Lukas Forchhammer - The neighborhood where I live has little canals, and there are a lot of houseboats there.
Lukas Forchhammer - Seeing my child born is so much more important than anything else I've got going on.
Lukas Forchhammer - I always saw law as a performance, just like being on a stage.
Lukas Forchhammer - If I moved to L.A., I wouldn't move to a ghetto neighborhood. I'd move to some posh, fancy place.
Luke Bryan - That's gotta be the one remaining constant - jeans have gotta be tight, baby.
Luke Bryan - I've always enjoyed things going at a nice pace, nothing too fast, nothing too crazy.
Luke Bryan - Probably fishing is my first passion.
Luke Bryan - It's pretty cool to see how far music can take you.
Luke Bryan - 'Tailgate Blues' is kind of a lyrical masterpiece of a country song.
Luke Bryan - Life's up and down from the time you get here to the time you leave.
Luke Bryan - Our crew guys, it's amazing what they have to go through to make a show happen every night.
Luke Bryan - I'm a big sports fan in general.
Luke Bryan - You always have to work to become a better singer, songwriter and performer.
Luke Bryan - I think the attraction to country music is the fans, the lure of the hardcore fan base.
Luke Evans - I'm not a 'Twilight' boy; I'll never be as good looking as those lads, and that's fair enough.
Luke Evans - Good suits don't come from anywhere, though - I mainly wear Armani, Louis Vuitton and Burberry.
Luke Evans - I come from south Wales. A place called Aberbargoed.
Luke Evans - The fascination for the Great Train Robbery has never diminished.
Luke Evans - You never get over an ex, but you learn to live with it.
Luke Evans - Voices are always a challenge. I always have to work at each accent I do.
Luke Evans - A longbow takes a massive draw for the arrow to go anywhere.
Luke Evans - I always find cardio the most monotonous. Running on a treadmill shows me why hamsters are so crazy.
Luke Evans - I think sandals should be burnt. I hate them - purge them!
Luke Evans - I always wanted to sing, as a child.
Lupita Nyong'o - In the madness, you have to find calm.
Lupita Nyong'o - There's always a sense of newness with acting, because every role, you come to every role fresh.
Lupita Nyong'o - I'm a crybaby.
Lupita Nyong'o - When I was younger, I was almost too afraid to admit that I wanted to be an actor.
Lupita Nyong'o - I have a very ostrich mentality. I feel like I have my head in the sand so no one can see me.
Lupita Nyong'o - What's becoming very obvious to me is that fashion is art.
Lupita Nyong'o - We, as human beings, have the capacity for extreme cruelty.
Lupita Nyong'o - Personally, I don't ever want to depend on makeup to feel beautiful.
Lupita Nyong'o - As actors, you become an expert at starting over.
Lupita Nyong'o - I thrive on structure. I find my freedom in structure.
Luther Allison - I don't want to be in some big beautiful place that nobody want me, because I play the blues.
Luther Allison - I've been waiting for that bright sunshine to show up and shine in my back door someday.
Luther Allison - But my big thing was always the blues.
Luther Allison - In the blues, it just takes so long for us to get recognized.
Luther Allison - In the States, it takes you a lifetime just to get from Chicago's South Side to the West Side.
Luther Allison - Before I left, I opened a lot of doors for a lot of people to play the blues.
Luther Allison - So I cut out all the drinkin' and hangin' out and stuff like that early on.
Luther Allison - And I can do the rock clubs if I have to.
Luther Allison - Well, I first started going to Europe in the late '70s.
Luther Allison - But you know, I still had a dream of being able to go back home and tour.
Lydia Millet - There is a lot of contradictions of mermaids as a symbol. I'm always interested in contradictions.
Lydia Millet - It seems to me that the time for subtlety in our American life has passed.
Lydia Millet - Shouldn't the cascades of extinction and rapid planetary warming register in our literature?
Lydia Millet - I don't tend to picture my characters as actors and actresses.
Lydia Millet - I've always been interested in obsessive, insane people.
Lydia Millet - I love irony.
Lydia Millet - Work-wise, I try not to repeat myself too often. And I have to love whatever I'm doing.
Lydia Millet - If I can't find a way to love it, I let it go. Kind of the opposite of the popular homily.
Lydia Millet - 'Dept. of Speculation' contains numerous enviable lines.
Lydia Millet - You need not fear my extinction. Fear my proliferation! I've already reproduced!
Lykke Li - I was 21 and homeless - such a broken, lost woman.
Lykke Li - I felt such a deep connection with dolphins. I felt like they were the only ones who understood me.
Lykke Li - It's the ultimate task to do something stripped back, so you're not hiding behind anything.
Lykke Li - I'm not so interested in being indie just for the sake of being indie.
Lykke Li - I will grab any opportunity I can to learn something new.
Lykke Li - I'm actually a really shy person. I just really enjoy being in studio; I don't go out much.
Lykke Li - I lived five years in Portugal and then spent winters in Nepal or India.
Lykke Li - I'm from Sweden, so I don't enjoy winter at all; there's nothing cute about it.
Lykke Li - Sometimes when I write songs, I don't know what they're about, and it just suddenly comes to me.
Lykke Li - I'll always be in some type of turmoil. So what I've tried to do is just surrender to that.
Lyle Lovett - It's important to be successful enough to be able to keep doing what you love.
Lyle Lovett - You're saying something with your appearance whether you mean to or not, so you may as well mean to.
Lyle Lovett - Fortunately, I've never had a job.
Lyle Lovett - Singing your own songs is all about individual expression.
Lyle Lovett - I am limited by what I can think of to do-my choices are not so great.
Lyle Lovett - I've always thought that writing isn't really that hard. It's having a good idea that's hard.
Lyle Lovett - Horses teach you patience and how to do things the right way so you can get the right result.
Lyle Lovett - I've gotten to work with some wonderful directors and people who have been great teachers to me.
Lyle Lovett - I played guitar when I was young and never really considered it as a way to make a living.
Lyle Lovett - I'm really in no danger of being perceived as a famous movie actor!
Lynn Good - Leadership is a journey - you never arrive.
Lynn Good - I find, at times, people underestimate me. That's really an asset.
Lynn Good - Always play to your strengths, whether your strengths are gender-based or just natural aptitude.
Lynn Good - There is growing demand for renewable energy.
Lynn Good - I don't think of myself as a powerful woman.
Lynn Good - We are accountable for what happened at Dan River and have learned from this event.
Lynn Good - We don't believe carbon capture is a proven, scalable, commercially available technology.
Lynn Good - If you keep an open mind, you can learn so much from the people around you.
Lynn Good - If you can, anticipate that life is going to be full of detours.
Lynn Good - Utilities fall in love with their assets, and that's a danger we need to avoid.
Lynsey Addario - Where in the world would I rather be than on the front line of history?
Lynsey Addario - Sometimes when I am photographing a major news event, I am suddenly overwhelmed by helplessness.
Lynsey Addario - With photography, I always think that it's not good enough.
Lynsey Addario - I think it's important to have perspective and to look at what you don't necessarily want to see.
Lynsey Addario - I think that more often than not, people underestimate me.
Lynsey Addario - I'm a very open person, very self-deprecating. I accept my flaws.
Lynsey Addario - Americans are really lovely people - friendly, kind and willing to help you out.
Lynsey Addario - Every story takes its toll on me and leaves an impression on me.
Lynsey Addario - I would never think of myself as a role model.
Lynsey Addario - I got rejected from journalism school!
Macklemore - 'Vote Love' means vote equality. It means vote change. It means vote what's right for humanity.
Macklemore - Do you want to live life, or do you want to escape life?
Macklemore - Sampling is kind of prehistoric, given the technology and the textures you can create.
Macklemore - Bullying is a national epidemic.
Macklemore - My partner has to have good sized bones.
Macklemore - I shop at thrift shops probably five times a week.
Macklemore - I just want to give the people 100% of myself as an artist.
Macklemore - I'm as honest as I can be.
Macklemore - I think music should be experienced by people all ages.
Macklemore - I definitely use 'smiling while rapping' as a tool in the booth. I want to have fun while recording.
Madame de Stael - In matters of the heart, nothing is true except the improbable.
Madame de Stael - Love is the whole history of a woman's life, it is but an episode in a man's.
Madame de Stael - One must choose in life between boredom and suffering.
Madame de Stael - Politeness is the art of choosing among your thoughts.
Madame de Stael - Search for the truth is the noblest occupation of man; its publication is a duty.
Madame de Stael - Innocence in genius, and candor in power, are both noble qualities.
Madame de Stael - We cease loving ourselves if no one loves us.
Madame de Stael - The human mind always makes progress, but it is a progress in spirals.
Madame de Stael - The desire of the man is for the woman, but the desire of the woman is for the desire of the man.
Madame de Stael - Genius is essentially creative; it bears the stamp of the individual who possesses it.
Maddie Ziegler - I dance. I don't really do anything else.
Maddie Ziegler - I love snacks, but I'm kind of growing out of them. I'm getting into fruit and Clif Bars.
Maddie Ziegler - I never knew that I would be performing on talk shows with Sia.
Maddie Ziegler - I'd love to do something where I can act and dance at the same time, like on Broadway or in movies.
Maddie Ziegler - It's hard to do a reality show when there's so much crying and drama.
Maddie Ziegler - I love tap!
Maddie Ziegler - I think it's funny when people, they try to imitate the 'Chandelier' video. I think it's hilarious.
Maddie Ziegler - I like Disney Channel a lot, and I also like to watch 'Full House.'
Maddie Ziegler - I just want to stay professional.
Maddie Ziegler - I particularly want more acting. I've been auditioning a lot, and I definitely want to act.
Madeleine Albright - To understand Europe, you have to be a genius - or French.
Madeleine Albright - The only thing I have to go by is what my mother and father told me, how I was brought up.
Madeleine Albright - I can't go out with a Republican.
Madeleine Albright - People are finding it harder and harder to relate to foreign policy.
Madeleine Albright - Life is grim, and we don't have to be grim all the time.
Madeleine Albright - I have had fun being who I became, so to speak.
Madeleine Albright - Nobody's ever said that pins are a tool of diplomacy.
Madeleine Albright - Hate, emotionalism, and frustration are not policies.
Madeleine Albright - It's one thing to be religious, but it's another thing to make religion your policy.
Madeleine Albright - I loved being Secretary of State, that's probably evident to everyone who watched me.
Madonna Ciccone - I am the result of the good choices I've made and the bad choices.
Madonna Ciccone - I stand for freedom of expression, doing what you believe in, and going after your dreams.
Madonna Ciccone - When I'm hungry, I eat. When I'm thirsty, I drink. When I feel like saying something, I say it.
Madonna Ciccone - I refuse to act the way someone expects me to.
Madonna Ciccone - I am my own experiment. I am my own work of art.
Madonna Ciccone - I think of myself as a performance artist. I hate being called a pop star. I hate that.
Madonna Ciccone - Poor is the man whose pleasures depend on the permission of another.
Madonna Ciccone - I want to be like Gandhi, and Martin Luther King, and John Lennon... but I want to stay alive.
Madonna Ciccone - One thing I've learned is that I'm not the owner of my talent; I'm the manager of it.
Madonna Ciccone - I like to change. A new lamp, a piece of art, can transform a room.
Mae West - Save a boyfriend for a rainy day - and another, in case it doesn't rain.
Mae West - An ounce of performance is worth pounds of promises.
Mae West - Sex is emotion in motion.
Mae West - Ten men waiting for me at the door? Send one of them home, I'm tired.
Mae West - You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.
Mae West - If I asked for a cup of coffee, someone would search for the double meaning.
Mae West - I'll try anything once, twice if I like it, three times to make sure.
Mae West - I never worry about diets. The only carrots that interest me are the number you get in a diamond.
Mae West - Personality is the most important thing to an actress's success.
Mae West - When I'm good, I'm very good. But when I'm bad I'm better.
Magic Johnson - I enjoy being the messenger for God in terms of letting people know about HIV and AIDS.
Magic Johnson - People don't stop eating, and they don't stop drinking coffee.
Magic Johnson - All kids need is a little help, a little hope and somebody who believes in them.
Magic Johnson - I'm the one who will take chances, not worry about the backlash.
Magic Johnson - I like things going on in my life. I don't want to be on a beach somewhere just relaxing.
Magic Johnson - You can't get AIDS from a hug or a handshake or a meal with a friend.
Magic Johnson - Just celebrate the life you had, not the life you could've had.
Magic Johnson - I'm at peace with myself. The main thing is not letting people dictate what I do or what I am.
Magic Johnson - I'm not cured, but the HIV is asleep deep in my body.
Magic Johnson - To me, everything is wonderful. Life is wonderful.
Maharishi Mahesh Yogi - Happiness radiates like the fragrance from a flower and draws all good things towards you.
Maharishi Mahesh Yogi - Just think of any negativity that comes at you as a raindrop falling into the ocean of your bliss.
Maharishi Mahesh Yogi - Being happy is of the utmost importance. Success in anything is through happiness.
Maharishi Mahesh Yogi - Life finds its purpose and fulfillment in the expansion of happiness.
Maharishi Mahesh Yogi - The knowledge from an enlightened person breaks on the hard rocks of ignorance.
Maharishi Mahesh Yogi - To resolve problems through negotiation is a very childish approach.
Maharishi Mahesh Yogi - I let people make remarks about me, but it doesn't touch me, all those remarks.
Maharishi Mahesh Yogi - Monks are not expected to speak about themselves; the message is important, not the person.
Maharishi Mahesh Yogi - Problems will disappear as darkness disappears with the onset of light.
Maharishi Mahesh Yogi - The kingdom of heaven is like electricity. You don't see it. It is within you.
Mahershala Ali - I have to say goodbye to things in order to take on bigger things that I've always wanted to do.
Mahershala Ali - Family are the people that can hurt you the most.
Mahershala Ali - I just love what Nicholas Britell did with 'Moonlight.'
Mahershala Ali - Understand that we are all co-creators of our respective destinies.
Mahershala Ali - I always hope to be a better person tomorrow than today.
Mahershala Ali - The people that I admire have a wonderful balance of self-belief and humility.
Mahershala Ali - People do bad things, but that doesn't mean they don't have other colors or qualities.
Mahershala Ali - I think Don Cheadle has always done great work.
Mahershala Ali - I do believe in the potential of like-minded people coming together.
Mahershala Ali - 'Mahershala' is my nickname.
Mahmoud Darwish - I never wanted children; maybe I'm afraid of responsibility.
Mahmoud Darwish - Without hope we are lost.
Mahmoud Darwish - I see poetry as spiritual medicine.
Mahmoud Darwish - Nothing, nothing justifies terrorism.
Mahmoud Darwish - Palestinian people are in love with life.
Mahmoud Darwish - I am not a lover of Israel, of course. I have no reason to be. But I don't hate Jews.
Mahmoud Darwish - History laughs at both the victim and the aggressor.
Mahmoud Darwish - To be under occupation, to be under siege, is not a good inspiration for poetry.
Mahmoud Darwish - The importance of poetry is not measured, finally, by what the poet says but by how he says it.
Mahmoud Darwish - I've built my homeland, I've even founded my state - in my language.
Malala Yousafzai - Let us remember: One book, one pen, one child, and one teacher can change the world.
Malala Yousafzai - Let us make our future now, and let us make our dreams tomorrow's reality.
Malala Yousafzai - There should be no discrimination against languages people speak, skin color, or religion.
Malala Yousafzai - If you go anywhere, even paradise, you will miss your home.
Malala Yousafzai - When the whole world is silent, even one voice becomes powerful.
Malala Yousafzai - It is very important to know who you are. To make decisions. To show who you are.
Malala Yousafzai - The best way to solve problems and to fight against war is through dialogue.
Malala Yousafzai - I say I am stronger than fear.
Malala Yousafzai - In every country, politics is considered to be a waste of time.
Malala Yousafzai - Sometimes I play cricket, and I play badminton.
Malcolm Forbes - Diversity: the art of thinking independently together.
Malcolm Forbes - Education's purpose is to replace an empty mind with an open one.
Malcolm Forbes - Failure is success if we learn from it.
Malcolm Forbes - Diamonds are nothing more than chunks of coal that stuck to their jobs.
Malcolm Forbes - Thinking well to be wise: planning well, wiser: doing well wisest and best of all.
Malcolm Forbes - If you have a job without any aggravations, you don't have a job.
Malcolm Forbes - Presence is more than just being there.
Malcolm Forbes - When you cease to dream you cease to live.
Malcolm Forbes - If you expect nothing, you're apt to be surprised. You'll get it.
Malcolm Forbes - It's so much easier to suggest solutions when you don't know too much about the problem.
Malcolm Gladwell - A lot of what is most beautiful about the world arises from struggle.
Malcolm Gladwell - The underdog winning is the romantic position.
Malcolm Gladwell - All my books are optimistic!
Malcolm Gladwell - I wrote my first book when I was in my late thirties.
Malcolm Gladwell - The visionary starts with a clean sheet of paper, and re-imagines the world.
Malcolm Gladwell - It's very hard to find someone who's successful and dislikes what they do.
Malcolm Gladwell - People in great institutions are occasionally credulous.
Malcolm Gladwell - The injunction to be nice is used to deflect criticism and stifle the legitimate anger of dissent.
Malcolm Gladwell - I am a story-teller, and I look to academic research... for ways of augmenting story-telling.
Malcolm Gladwell - Of the great entrepreneurs of this era, people will have forgotten Steve Jobs.
Mao Zedong - Communism is not love. Communism is a hammer which we use to crush the enemy.
Mao Zedong - In time of difficulties, we must not lose sight of our achievements.
Mao Zedong - Political power grows out of the barrel of a gun.
Mao Zedong - Women hold up half the sky.
Mao Zedong - Let a hundred flowers bloom, let a hundred schools of thought contend.
Mao Zedong - An army without culture is a dull-witted army, and a dull-witted army cannot defeat the enemy.
Mao Zedong - To read too many books is harmful.
Mao Zedong - We shall heal our wounds, collect our dead and continue fighting.
Mao Zedong - Swollen in head, weak in legs, sharp in tongue but empty in belly.
Mao Zedong - People like me sound like a lot of big cannons.
Marc Anthony - If you do what you love, you'll never work a day in your life.
Marc Anthony - Fame is addictive. Money is addictive. Attention is addictive. But golf is second to none.
Marc Anthony - My thing is music, period.
Marc Anthony - My mum always told me 95 per cent of success was partnering well.
Marc Anthony - I just want to sing, I want to work on my music, I want to make my movies, that's all I want to do.
Marc Anthony - Celebrity watching and speculation is almost like a sport.
Marc Anthony - I say it every day - I'm the luckiest man on earth.
Marc Anthony - 'Livin' la Vida Loca' is not Latin music. It does not represent Latin music.
Marc Anthony - I'm a huge sports fan.
Marc Anthony - What Jennifer Lopez puts out, it's not Latin music.
Marc Jacobs - To me, beauty and makeup and color is like the finishing touch on everything.
Marc Jacobs - I always find beauty in things that are odd and imperfect - they are much more interesting.
Marc Jacobs - My opinion about myself is so based on what other people think of me.
Marc Jacobs - Grunge is a hippied romantic version of punk.
Marc Jacobs - Any opportunity to adorn oneself is human, and accessories are an easy way to do it.
Marc Jacobs - We don't need fashion to survive, we just desire it so much.
Marc Jacobs - Clothes mean nothing until someone lives in them.
Marc Jacobs - I'm not a yogi, but I know the sun salutation.
Marc Jacobs - I love attention. Maybe my desire for attention is a little too out of control, but I'm very honest.
Marc Jacobs - I still appreciate individuality. Style is much more interesting than fashion, really.
Marc Maron - For my next trick I will make everyone understand me.
Marc Maron - The bile makes it better. I am an information wasting machine - 100s of words a day.
Marc Maron - We need the children of Indonesia and the Philippines to manufacture our freedom of choice.
Marc Maron - Surveillance induced morality: relics of cultural retardation.
Marc Maron - In the sixties and seventies you could probably name all the great comics. It was still special.
Marc Maron - Left wing, right wing, I am wingless and tired of trying to fly. Here comes the ground.
Marc Maron - On some level any appearance on Television can be seen as a product endorsement.
Marc Maron - It's easy to maintain your integrity when no one is offering to buy it out.
Marc Maron - I'm not completely sure we aren't all living in a hallucination now.
Marc Maron - The next evolutionary step is into the screen.
Marcel Duchamp - I don't believe in art. I believe in artists.
Marcel Duchamp - Everything important that I have done can be put into a little suitcase.
Marcel Duchamp - A painting that doesn't shock isn't worth painting.
Marcel Duchamp - Living is more a question of what one spends than what one makes.
Marcel Duchamp - I am interested in ideas, not merely in visual products.
Marcel Duchamp - Marcel, no more painting; go get a job.
Marcel Duchamp - Chess can be described as the movement of pieces eating one another.
Marcel Duchamp - Dada was an extreme protest against the physical side of painting. It was a metaphysical attitude.
Marcel Duchamp - Alchemy is a kind of philosophy: a kind of thinking that leads to a way of understanding.
Marcel Duchamp - From a purely ethnological point of view, I was not a period-born Dada.
Marcel Proust - The real voyage of discovery consists not in seeking new landscapes, but in having new eyes.
Marcel Proust - A change in the weather is sufficient to recreate the world and ourselves.
Marcel Proust - Time, which changes people, does not alter the image we have retained of them.
Marcel Proust - The only real voyage of discovery consists not in seeking new landscapes but in having new eyes.
Marcel Proust - Only through art can we emerge from ourselves and know what another person sees.
Marcel Proust - Love is space and time measured by the heart.
Marcel Proust - What a profound significance small things assume when the woman we love conceals them from us.
Marcel Proust - The voyage of discovery is not in seeking new landscapes but in having new eyes.
Marcel Proust - The only paradise is paradise lost.
Marcel Proust - Happiness is beneficial for the body, but it is grief that develops the powers of the mind.
Marco Rubio - Conservatives aren't anti-immigrant - conservatives are pro-legal immigration.
Marco Rubio - We live in a society obsessed with public opinion. But leadership has never been about popularity.
Marco Rubio - Exile is not a time frame. Exile is an experience. It's a sentiment.
Marco Rubio - I am privileged to be a citizen of the single greatest society in all of human history.
Marco Rubio - This is the only country in the world where today's employee, is tomorrow's employer.
Marco Rubio - We will either bring on another American century, or we are doomed to witness America's decline.
Marco Rubio - Americans chose a limited government that exists to protect our rights, not to grant them.
Marco Rubio - Every single one of us is the descendant of a go-getter. Of dreamers and of believers.
Marco Rubio - No community values entrepreneurship and small business more than the Hispanic community.
Marco Rubio - We Americans are as great as we have ever been. But our government is broken.
Marcus Garvey - If you have no confidence in self, you are twice defeated in the race of life.
Marcus Garvey - The Black skin is not a badge of shame, but rather a glorious symbol of national greatness.
Marcus Garvey - With confidence, you have won before you have started.
Marcus Garvey - Real men laugh at opposition; real men smile when enemies appear.
Marcus Garvey - Men who are in earnest are not afraid of consequences.
Marcus Garvey - Chance has never yet satisfied the hope of a suffering people.
Marcus Garvey - Emancipate yourselves from mental slavery, none but ourselves can free our minds!
Marcus Garvey - Liberate the minds of men and ultimately you will liberate the bodies of men.
Marcus Garvey - Look to Africa, for there a king will be crowned.
Marcus Garvey - Look for me in the whirlwind or the storm.
Marcus Luttrell - I can't wait to get back to the ranch and go back to easy living.
Marcus Luttrell - It's not secret that usually I don't have a filter.
Marcus Luttrell - What comes through my head is going to come out of my mouth.
Marcus Luttrell - I died on that mountain, too. I left a part of myself up there.
Marcus Luttrell - Who among you will love something more than you love yourself, all right?
Marcus Luttrell - We have to make sure the Hell the veterans come home from is not the Hell they come back to.
Marcus Luttrell - To the next generation, your war is here; you don't have to find it.
Marcus Luttrell - If you knew the real me, you'd want to keep your distance from me. Seriously.
Marcus Luttrell - If we became buddies, obviously I'd start throwing some cracks at Him.
Marcus Luttrell - War's not black and white; it's gray. If you don't fight in the gray area, you're going to lose.
Marcus Samuelsson - My family's journey is something I am very proud of - in front of me, behind me and every part.
Marcus Samuelsson - Criticism is part of the creative man's journey, and I appreciate it.
Marcus Samuelsson - Healthy can be the new good. Eating delicious should not be sacrificed because it's healthy.
Marcus Samuelsson - Each city should have its own type of restaurant.
Marcus Samuelsson - Oatmeal is a cheap and healthy breakfast.
Marcus Samuelsson - Simple ingredients can be used to make elegant dishes with just a little extra attention to detail.
Marcus Samuelsson - Childhood nutrition and healthy eating is a cause that is extremely close to my heart.
Marcus Samuelsson - Packing lunches and going over menus is a great way to make small changes in the way your kids eat.
Marcus Samuelsson - Spices, of course, are essential.
Marcus Samuelsson - I happen to love coconut, particularly for that sweet and crunchy texture it adds to any dish.
Marcus Tullius Cicero - The life of the dead is placed in the memory of the living.
Marcus Tullius Cicero - What then is freedom? The power to live as one wishes.
Marcus Tullius Cicero - If you have a garden and a library, you have everything you need.
Marcus Tullius Cicero - Silence is one of the great arts of conversation.
Marcus Tullius Cicero - Any man can make mistakes, but only an idiot persists in his error.
Marcus Tullius Cicero - The safety of the people shall be the highest law.
Marcus Tullius Cicero - Gratitude is not only the greatest of virtues, but the parent of all the others.
Marcus Tullius Cicero - A friend is, as it were, a second self.
Marcus Tullius Cicero - More law, less justice.
Marcus Tullius Cicero - When you have no basis for an argument, abuse the plaintiff.
Margaret Atwood - Every aspect of human technology has a dark side, including the bow and arrow.
Margaret Atwood - Heroes need monsters to establish their heroic credentials. You need something scary to overcome.
Margaret Atwood - Optimism means better than reality; pessimism means worse than reality. I'm a realist.
Margaret Atwood - The thing about delirium is you think it's great, but it actually isn't.
Margaret Atwood - Another belief of mine; that everyone else my age is an adult, whereas I am merely in disguise.
Margaret Atwood - If I waited for perfection... I would never write a word.
Margaret Atwood - In the spring, at the end of the day, you should smell like dirt.
Margaret Atwood - A word after a word after a word is power.
Margaret Atwood - When things are really dismal, you can laugh, or you can cave in completely.
Margaret Atwood - Once upon a time, novelists of the 19th century, such as Charles Dickens, published in serial form.
Margaret Cho - Sometimes the only way to deal with horrific things in life is through a dark sense of humor.
Margaret Cho - Why go through life feeling cheated? It does nothing but make you bitter.
Margaret Cho - Maybe I wanted to hear it so badly that my ears betrayed my mind in order to secure my heart.
Margaret Cho - The incognito of lower class employment is an effective cloak for any dagger one might wish to hide.
Margaret Cho - I love drugs, but I hate hangovers, and the hatred of the hangover wins by a landslide every time.
Margaret Cho - Love is the big booming beat which covers up the noise of hate.
Margaret Cho - If you say you're not a feminist, you're almost denying your own existence.
Margaret Cho - To be a feminist is to be alive.
Margaret Cho - Just because you are blind and unable to see my beauty doesn't mean it does not exist.
Margaret Cho - I will never stop complaining.
Margaret Heffernan - For good ideas and true innovation, you need human interaction, conflict, argument, debate.
Margaret Heffernan - If we aren't going to be afraid of conflict, we have to see it as thinking.
Margaret Heffernan - The medical profession is - and knows itself to be - endemically conservative and conformist.
Margaret Heffernan - Making those around you feel invisible is the opposite of leadership.
Margaret Heffernan - Building businesses takes tremendous stamina, and success isn't achieved without it.
Margaret Heffernan - In business, staying focused requires that you turn most opportunities down.
Margaret Heffernan - Noise is a buffer, more effective than cubicles or booth walls.
Margaret Heffernan - British innovation in design, in the creative arts, in engineering and manufacturing is world class.
Margaret Heffernan - Britain is famous for being great at inventing and poor at commercializing.
Margaret Heffernan - It is nobody's right to be waited on and nobody's fate to do the waiting.
Margaret Mead - Always remember that you are absolutely unique. Just like everyone else.
Margaret Mead - I learned the value of hard work by working hard.
Margaret Mead - We won't have a society if we destroy the environment.
Margaret Mead - I was wise enough to never grow up while fooling most people into believing I had.
Margaret Mead - What people say, what people do, and what they say they do are entirely different things.
Margaret Mead - Fathers are biological necessities, but social accidents.
Margaret Mead - And when our baby stirs and struggles to be born it compels humility: what we began is now its own.
Margaret Mead - We have nowhere else to go... this is all we have.
Margaret Mead - Women want mediocre men, and men are working to be as mediocre as possible.
Margaret Mead - I do not believe in using women in combat, because females are too fierce.
Margaret Thatcher - If you want something said, ask a man; if you want something done, ask a woman.
Margaret Thatcher - The problem with socialism is that you eventually run out of other peoples' money.
Margaret Thatcher - You may have to fight a battle more than once to win it.
Margaret Thatcher - Power is like being a lady... if you have to tell people you are, you aren't.
Margaret Thatcher - You and I come by road or rail, but economists travel on infrastructure.
Margaret Thatcher - It may be the cock that crows, but it is the hen that lays the eggs.
Margaret Thatcher - Europe was created by history. America was created by philosophy.
Margaret Thatcher - There can be no liberty unless there is economic liberty.
Margaret Thatcher - Nothing is more obstinate than a fashionable consensus.
Margaret Thatcher - This lady is not for turning.
Margot Robbie - I have many moments of self doubt. Everybody does.
Margot Robbie - I've got big, big dreams for the future.
Margot Robbie - I get miserable if I don't eat.
Margot Robbie - I swear I'm not bossy in any other aspect of my life - it's just on set.
Margot Robbie - Playing a bad guy is always more fun than playing the good guy.
Margot Robbie - Everyone's like, 'overnight sensation.' It's not overnight. It's years of hard work.
Margot Robbie - All your mannerisms change easily when you have inch-long acrylic nails.
Margot Robbie - I'm never happier than when I'm on set.
Margot Robbie - Every time I see a piano, I have this urge to play it.
Margot Robbie - New York is the coolest city. The place just never sleeps. It's amazing.
Maria Sharapova - I want to be different. If everyone is wearing black, I want to be wearing red.
Maria Sharapova - I can't please everyone. That's not in my J.D., you know, not in my job description.
Maria Sharapova - I know my roots and I cannot forget the journey I made.
Maria Sharapova - I learned there's a big difference between juniors and the pros.
Maria Sharapova - I'm not the next anyone, I'm the first Maria Sharapova.
Maria Sharapova - Without my dad, I wouldn't be here.
Maria Sharapova - Well, fans always root for the underdog.
Maria Sharapova - Sometimes I feel my arm is like a swan's neck - so weak.
Maria Sharapova - There are days when I go out on the court and I feel like I can't miss a ball.
Maria Sharapova - As an individual, I take every match seriously, no matter who I'm going to play.
Mariah Carey - There is a light at the end of the tunnel... hopefully its not a freight train!
Mariah Carey - Butterflies are always following me, everywhere I go.
Mariah Carey - I'd rather be onstage with a pig - a duet with Jennifer Lopez and me just ain't going to happen.
Mariah Carey - Whatever you're going through in your life, don't ever give up.
Mariah Carey - I really rebel against authority.
Mariah Carey - In this world, I call the shots and I think I know best.
Mariah Carey - Never, never listen to anybody that try to discourage you.
Mariah Carey - My mother is Irish, my father is black and Venezuelan, and me - I'm tan, I guess.
Mariah Carey - I try not to be a jerk. I really do. I try to be nice and cordial.
Mariah Carey - I've seen the real extreme diva behaviour and I don't think that's who I am.
Marian Wright Edelman - No person has the right to rain on your dreams.
Marian Wright Edelman - Family and moral values are so central to everything that I am.
Marian Wright Edelman - You really can change the world if you care enough.
Marian Wright Edelman - Don't feel entitled to anything you didn't sweat and struggle for.
Marian Wright Edelman - If we don't stand up for children, then we don't stand for much.
Marian Wright Edelman - Never work just for money or for power. They won't save your soul or help you sleep at night.
Marian Wright Edelman - Being considerate of others will take your children further in life than any college degree.
Marian Wright Edelman - Service is what life is all about.
Marian Wright Edelman - We do not have a money problem in America. We have a values and priorities problem.
Marian Wright Edelman - You're not obligated to win. You're obligated to keep trying to do the best you can every day.
Marianne Williamson - The top of one mountain is always the bottom of another.
Marianne Williamson - The holidays are only holy if we make them so.
Marianne Williamson - Spiritual 'exercise' keeps your mind in shape the way physical exercise keeps your body in shape.
Marianne Williamson - Prayer is the medium of miracles; in whatever way works for you, pray right now.
Marianne Williamson - The key to abundance is meeting limited circumstances with unlimited thoughts.
Marianne Williamson - God is limitless in His love, and asks that we at least make the effort to be limitless in ours.
Marianne Williamson - I think of prayer as a spiritual lifeline back to where I most want to be.
Marianne Williamson - The first step in forgiveness is the willingness to forgive.
Marianne Williamson - Anytime you try to be a loving person, you're doing your part to save the world.
Marianne Williamson - My self healing lies in praying for those who have harmed me.
Marie von Ebner-Eschenbach - Even a stopped clock is right twice a day.
Marie von Ebner-Eschenbach - If you have one good idea, people will lend you twenty.
Marie von Ebner-Eschenbach - We don't believe in rheumatism and true love until after the first attack.
Marie von Ebner-Eschenbach - What delights us in visible beauty is the invisible.
Marie von Ebner-Eschenbach - To be content with little is hard; to be content with much, impossible.
Marie von Ebner-Eschenbach - Not what we experience, but how we perceive what we experience, determines our fate.
Marie von Ebner-Eschenbach - In youth we learn; in age we understand.
Marie von Ebner-Eschenbach - We are so vain that we even care for the opinion of those we don't care for.
Marie von Ebner-Eschenbach - Exceptions are not always the proof of the old rule; they can also be the harbinger of a new one.
Marie von Ebner-Eschenbach - Nobody knows enough, but many know too much.
Marilyn Manson - When all of your wishes are granted, many of your dreams will be destroyed.
Marilyn Manson - I like to make people think differently than they did before I walked in the room.
Marilyn Manson - To me, Satan ultimately represents rebellion.
Marilyn Manson - Part of me is afraid to get close to people because I'm afraid that they're going to leave.
Marilyn Manson - If you lose who you are, what do you have?
Marilyn Manson - If Satan wasn't around, churches would go out of business.
Marilyn Manson - People tend to associate anyone who looks and behaves differently with illegal or immoral activity.
Marilyn Manson - I pity anybody who has to spend a day with me.
Marilyn Manson - Fear is something I instill in other people, mostly young girls.
Marilyn Manson - When you're taught to love everyone, to love your enemies, then what value does that place on love?
Marilyn vos Savant - To acquire knowledge, one must study; but to acquire wisdom, one must observe.
Marilyn vos Savant - Be able to defend your arguments in a rational way. Otherwise, all you have is an opinion.
Marilyn vos Savant - Being defeated is often a temporary condition. Giving up is what makes it permanent.
Marilyn vos Savant - Be able to go shopping for a bathing suit and not become depressed afterward.
Marilyn vos Savant - Have you ever noticed that when you must struggle to hear something, you close your eyes?
Marilyn vos Savant - Know how to effectively voice a complaint or make a claim at a retail store.
Marilyn vos Savant - Avoid using cigarettes, alcohol, and drugs as alternatives to being an interesting person.
Marilyn vos Savant - Be able to analyze statistics, which can be used to support or undercut almost any argument.
Marilyn vos Savant - Be able to correctly pronounce the words you would like to speak and have excellent spoken grammar.
Marilyn vos Savant - Be able to draw an illustration as least well enough to get your point across to another person.
Marina Abramovic - We always project into the future or reflect in the past, but we are so little in the present.
Marina Abramovic - Performance has to be mainstream art. This is what I'm fighting for.
Marina Abramovic - People have so much pain inside them that they're not even aware of.
Marina Abramovic - In theater, blood is ketchup; in performance, everything's real.
Marina Abramovic - Happiness comes from the full understanding of your own being.
Marina Abramovic - So many artists say they're not aware of audience. For me is unbelievable.
Marina Abramovic - People put so much effort into starting a relationship and so little effort into ending one.
Marina Abramovic - You can't choreograph death, but you can choreograph your funeral.
Marina Abramovic - Artists can do whatever they want!
Marina Abramovic - In my work I have complete control, but about my life, I don't want to.
Marine Le Pen - Let's close all the Islamist mosques.
Marine Le Pen - The British have chosen liberty with Brexit and can congratulate themselves every day.
Marine Le Pen - Multicultural societies are multi-conflict societies.
Marine Le Pen - If anything, I'm to the left of Obama.
Marine Le Pen - Politics for me started in violence.
Marine Le Pen - Russia is an important power upon which the U.S.A. imposed a Cold War.
Marine Le Pen - French citizenship should be either inherited or merited.
Marine Le Pen - France is different from the U.S.A.'s El Dorado, American Dream image.
Marine Le Pen - Islamist terrorism is a cancer on Islam, and Muslims themselves must fight it at our side.
Marine Le Pen - Voila, we're all molded by our personal paths, which forge our sensibilities.
Mario Andretti - If everything seems under control, you're just not going fast enough.
Mario Andretti - I count my blessings every day, quite honestly, because I take nothing for granted.
Mario Andretti - Everything comes to those who wait... except a cat.
Mario Andretti - You're safer in the race car than you are in cars going to and from the track.
Mario Andretti - If a neighbor is killed in a car accident, do you sell your car and stop driving?
Mario Andretti - I look at myself as the luckiest man alive.
Mario Andretti - Circumstances may cause interruptions and delays, but never lose sight of your goal.
Mario Andretti - Anybody who can drive and doesn't come out of it a rich man is a fool.
Mario Andretti - If you wait, all that happens is that you get older.
Mario Andretti - Unfortunately, we don't educate drivers enough to be respectful on the road.
Mario Batali - Unlike curing cancer or heart disease, we already know how to beat hunger: food.
Mario Batali - Michigan is my antidote to Manhattan. This is where I come to relax.
Mario Batali - I put hibiscus flower in every cup of tea I have. It's sweet, sexy, and cleansing.
Mario Batali - My wife Susi and my kids quite simply are the most fun of all my friends.
Mario Batali - You have to live life to its full chorizo.
Mario Batali - There's a battle between what the cook thinks is high art and what the customer just wants to eat.
Mario Batali - Finishing food is about the tiny touches. In the last seconds you can change everything.
Mario Batali - I really want to be a rock star.
Mario Batali - Look at cookbooks with your kids and ask them what sounds good.
Mario Batali - Spaghetti is love.
Mariska Hargitay - I have so much love that I didn't even know about.
Mariska Hargitay - You make sacrifices to become a mother, but you really find yourself and your soul.
Mariska Hargitay - If I eat clean, I look 10 years younger.
Mariska Hargitay - I'm an L.A. girl who became a tough New York cop.
Mariska Hargitay - I was lucky enough to have a father who said, 'Don't quit.' So I just kept going.
Mariska Hargitay - My weekends are extremely precious.
Mariska Hargitay - I say to everybody, 'Adoption is not for the faint of heart.'
Mariska Hargitay - You've got to kick fear to the side, because the payoff is huge.
Mariska Hargitay - I realize that you have to show up for your life.
Mariska Hargitay - I have a nest egg, and I don't buy above my means.
Marissa Mayer - When you need to innovate, you need collaboration.
Marissa Mayer - I refuse to be stereotyped.
Marissa Mayer - Geeks are people who love something so much that all the details matter.
Marissa Mayer - I really love color.
Marissa Mayer - I don't feel overwhelmed with information. I really like it.
Marissa Mayer - I pace myself by taking a week-long vacation every four months.
Marissa Mayer - I've always liked simplicity.
Marissa Mayer - I like to stay in the rhythm of things.
Marissa Mayer - You can't have everything you want, but you can have the things that really matter to you.
Marissa Mayer - It's really wonderful to work in an environment with a lot of smart people.
Marjane Satrapi - The first writing of the human being was drawing, not writing.
Marjane Satrapi - It's cinematographic to smoke. Imagine Lauren Bacall without a cigarette.
Marjane Satrapi - I don't think of myself as a rebel; I just say what I think.
Marjane Satrapi - A real love story has to finish bad. That is what I think.
Marjane Satrapi - For me, drawing is a question of death and life. Every day I draw, I write, I do something.
Marjane Satrapi - I love the French for their sarcasm, their irony. I love them for their bad moods.
Marjane Satrapi - I am very bad at computers. I don't really know how to write email.
Marjane Satrapi - I don't want to quit smoking. I am convinced that if I quit smoking, the world would go to hell.
Marjane Satrapi - All big changes of the world come from words.
Marjane Satrapi - I wasn't made to take orders. My grandmother used to tell me: 'Laws are for idiots.' She was right.
Mark Cuban - When you've got 10,000 people trying to do the same thing, why would you want to be number 10,001?
Mark Cuban - I think political people are afraid of me.
Mark Cuban - I worked hard and smarter than most people in the businesses I have been in.
Mark Cuban - I don't care what anyone says. Being rich is a good thing.
Mark Cuban - I think that any reporter or columnist will be a little more careful when doing interviews with me.
Mark Cuban - Money is a scoreboard where you can rank how you're doing against other people.
Mark Cuban - I've learned the number one job of a pro manager is not to win championships but to keep their job.
Mark Cuban - I create offbeat advice; I don't follow it. I rarely take third-party advice on my investments.
Mark Cuban - Automation is going to cause unemployment, and we need to prepare for it.
Mark Cuban - I think one of the biggest curses in the U.S. is that we have only two political parties.
Mark Ruffalo - People say funny things all the time during really serious moments in life.
Mark Ruffalo - I had to work on a Marlin boat, like gutting fish, like as the bait boy.
Mark Ruffalo - My belief about acting in one foot on a banana peel and the other one in the grave.
Mark Ruffalo - Also, stick around. Don't lose your heart, just keep going, keep at it.
Mark Ruffalo - I like to think the movies that I've picked have something worthwhile to say. Something relevant.
Mark Ruffalo - Commercials that are geared towards kids. I think they should just, like, wipe them out.
Mark Ruffalo - I became an actor so I didn't have to be myself.
Mark Ruffalo - I like to disappear in the parts I play.
Mark Ruffalo - I live a bourgeois life.
Mark Ruffalo - The problem to me is violence. It's not cool to kill somebody or hurt people.
Mark Wahlberg - I've always wanted to do right in life. But the wanting and the doing aren't quite the same thing.
Mark Wahlberg - I can always see something of myself in the characters I play.
Mark Wahlberg - I never got on the course with my dad, but to be playing golf with my kids - that's a dream.
Mark Wahlberg - I never lie. I believe everything I say, so it's not a lie.
Mark Wahlberg - A lot of talented actors still have to pay their bills.
Mark Wahlberg - Immortality... Is that a super power?
Mark Wahlberg - Tiger Woods is the only sports star who's worth every penny he makes.
Mark Wahlberg - I have more money now than I know what to do with.
Mark Wahlberg - When I was a rapper, the groupies didn't have to try too hard with me. Just show up at the hotel.
Mark Wahlberg - As far as I'm concerned, there's no job more important on the planet than being a mom.
Mark Zuckerberg - Our goal is not to build a platform; it's to be cross all of them.
Mark Zuckerberg - I wear the same outfit or, at least, a different copy of it almost every day.
Mark Zuckerberg - Move fast and break things. Unless you are breaking stuff, you are not moving fast enough.
Mark Zuckerberg - Figuring out what the next big trend is tells us what we should focus on.
Mark Zuckerberg - By giving people the power to share, we're making the world more transparent.
Mark Zuckerberg - People at Facebook are fairly used to the press being nice to us or not nice to us.
Mark Zuckerberg - I'm trying to make the world a more open place.
Mark Zuckerberg - I do everything on my phone as a lot of people do.
Mark Zuckerberg - We're running the company to serve more people.
Mark Zuckerberg - I started the site when I was 19. I didn't know much about business back then.
Marlene Dietrich - It's the friends you can call up at 4 a.m. that matter.
Marlene Dietrich - There is a gigantic difference between earning a great deal of money and being rich.
Marlene Dietrich - Darling, the legs aren't so beautiful, I just know what to do with them.
Marlene Dietrich - Most women set out to try to change a man, and when they have changed him they do not like him.
Marlene Dietrich - Courage and grace are a formidable mixture. The only place to see it is in the bullring.
Marlene Dietrich - Grumbling is the death of love.
Marlene Dietrich - Think twice before burdening a friend with a secret.
Marlene Dietrich - When you're dead, you're dead. That's it.
Marlene Dietrich - The Germans and I no longer speak the same language.
Marlene Dietrich - Superstitions are habits rather than beliefs.
Marlon Brando - An actor is at most a poet and at least an entertainer.
Marlon Brando - I don't mind that I'm fat. You still get the same money.
Marlon Brando - Never confuse the size of your paycheck with the size of your talent.
Marlon Brando - I have eyes like those of a dead pig.
Marlon Brando - If we are not our brother's keeper, at least let us not be his executioner.
Marlon Brando - An actor's a guy who, if you ain't talking about him, ain't listening.
Marlon Brando - The only thing an actor owes his public is not to bore them.
Marlon Brando - The only reason I'm in Hollywood is that I don't have the moral courage to refuse the money.
Marlon Brando - If you want something from an audience, you give blood to their fantasies. It's the ultimate hustle.
Marlon Brando - Privacy is not something that I'm merely entitled to, it's an absolute prerequisite.
Marquis de Sade - Your body is the church where Nature asks to be reverenced.
Marquis de Sade - All universal moral principles are idle fancies.
Marquis de Sade - In order to know virtue, we must first acquaint ourselves with vice.
Marquis de Sade - It is not my mode of thought that has caused my misfortunes, but the mode of thought of others.
Marquis de Sade - One is never so dangerous when one has no shame, than when one has grown too old to blush.
Marquis de Sade - Happiness is ideal, it is the work of the imagination.
Marquis de Sade - The more defects a man may have, the older he is, the less lovable, the more resounding his success.
Marquis de Sade - Nature has not got two voices, you know, one of them condemning all day what the other commands.
Marquis de Sade - It is always by way of pain one arrives at pleasure.
Marquis de Sade - Truth titillates the imagination far less than fiction.
Marshall McLuhan - We become what we behold. We shape our tools and then our tools shape us.
Marshall McLuhan - We drive into the future using only our rearview mirror.
Marshall McLuhan - All media exist to invest our lives with artificial perceptions and arbitrary values.
Marshall McLuhan - Canada is the only country in the world that knows how to live without an identity.
Marshall McLuhan - A point of view can be a dangerous luxury when substituted for insight and understanding.
Marshall McLuhan - I wouldn't have seen it if I hadn't believed it.
Marshall McLuhan - The more the data banks record about each one of us, the less we exist.
Marshall McLuhan - We shape our tools and afterwards our tools shape us.
Marshall McLuhan - There are no passengers on spaceship earth. We are all crew.
Marshall McLuhan - Where the whole man is involved there is no work. Work begins with the division of labor.
Marshawn Lynch - When a defender comes up to tackle me, I want him to feel that ground.
Marshawn Lynch - I got dogs. I'm a dog guy.
Marshawn Lynch - I don't know what's in store for me. I don't know what tomorrow is going to bring.
Marshawn Lynch - I ain't got nothing to say. I just wanna play football.
Marshawn Lynch - My favorite college experience was probably leaving college.
Marshawn Lynch - I like to go home and get involved in my community.
Marshawn Lynch - The Seahawks, their front office gets in the media; they talk a lot.
Marshawn Lynch - What's my favorite thing about Seattle? It's Ho Ho's Restaurant.
Marshawn Lynch - I'm cool with my body, I love my body. I wouldn't trade it for no other body.
Marshawn Lynch - Dej Loaf's solid.
Martha Beck - Every day brings new choices.
Martha Beck - Loneliness is proof that your innate search for connection is intact.
Martha Beck - The process of spotting fear and refusing to obey it is the source of all true empowerment.
Martha Beck - When you meet people, show real appreciation, then genuine curiosity.
Martha Beck - Absolutely lonely people have few personal interactions of any kind.
Martha Beck - In fact, when care appears, unconditional love often vanishes.
Martha Beck - Not everyone is equally good-looking.
Martha Beck - The average adult laughs 15 times a day; the average child, more than 400 times.
Martha Beck - Caring for your inner child has a powerful and surprisingly quick result: Do it and the child heals.
Martha Beck - Children who assume adult responsibilities feel old when they're young.
Martha Graham - Dance is the hidden language of the soul of the body.
Martha Graham - Great dancers are not great because of their technique, they are great because of their passion.
Martha Graham - Fire is the test of gold; adversity, of strong men.
Martha Graham - Every dance is a kind of fever chart, a graph of the heart.
Martha Graham - You are unique, and if that is not fulfilled, then something has been lost.
Martha Graham - The body says what words cannot.
Martha Graham - First we have to believe, and then we believe.
Martha Graham - Misery is a communicable disease.
Martha Graham - The body never lies.
Martha Graham - 'Age' is the acceptance of a term of years. But maturity is the glory of years.
Martha Stewart - The more you adapt, the more interesting you are.
Martha Stewart - I love dessert. I can't be guilty about it because I have to taste everything. I experiment.
Martha Stewart - Without an open-minded mind, you can never be a great success.
Martha Stewart - My new motto is: When you're through changing, you're through.
Martha Stewart - I catnap now and then, but I think while I nap, so it's not a waste of time.
Martha Stewart - If you learn something new every day, you can teach something new every day.
Martha Stewart - So the pie isn't perfect? Cut it into wedges. Stay in control, and never panic.
Martha Stewart - All the things I love is what my business is all about.
Martha Stewart - I have a microphone on one ankle and an ankle bracelet on the other, so I'm well balanced today.
Martha Stewart - I'm never sick. Why get sick? It's a waste of time.
Martin Freeman - I'm a big believer that life changes as much as you want it to.
Martin Freeman - My idea of a good night out is staying in.
Martin Freeman - You absorb 2,000 years of history just by being near the Thames.
Martin Freeman - I can spot someone with similar fashion sense to me a mile off.
Martin Freeman - I would wear a full-length cape if I could get away with it - I do love a good swirl in a fog.
Martin Freeman - People misunderstand me.
Martin Freeman - I have a very extreme state of mind. Things are very black or very white.
Martin Freeman - I'm not posh or common, I'm in between.
Martin Freeman - I've always got my eye on my deathbed.
Martin Freeman - I've got an overly developed sense of what selling out is, and I of course worry about it too much.
Martin Heidegger - The most thought-provoking thing in our thought-provoking time is that we are still not thinking.
Martin Heidegger - We do not say: Being is, time is, but rather: there is Being and there is time.
Martin Heidegger - The possible ranks higher than the actual.
Martin Heidegger - Every man is born as many men and dies as a single one.
Martin Heidegger - Language is the house of the truth of Being.
Martin Heidegger - Making itself intelligible is suicide for philosophy.
Martin Heidegger - Why are there beings at all, instead of Nothing?
Martin Heidegger - To dwell is to garden.
Martin Heidegger - Man is not the lord of beings. Man is the shepherd of Being.
Martin Heidegger - Only a god can save us.
Martin Scorsese - Cinema is a matter of what's in the frame and what's out.
Martin Scorsese - There's no such thing as simple. Simple is hard.
Martin Scorsese - If your mother cooks Italian food, why should you go to a restaurant?
Martin Scorsese - When I'm making a film, I'm the audience.
Martin Scorsese - You don't make pictures for Oscars.
Martin Scorsese - I'm going to be 60, and I'm almost used to myself.
Martin Scorsese - I was born in 1942, so I was mainly aware of Howard Hughes' name on RKO Radio Pictures.
Martin Scorsese - I do know that some Buddhists are able to attain peace of mind.
Martin Scorsese - I can't really envision a time when I'm not shooting something.
Martin Scorsese - Eradicating a religion of kindness is, I think, a terrible thing for the Chinese to attempt.
Mary Berry - Cooking and baking is both physical and mental therapy.
Mary Berry - I think baking is very rewarding, and if you follow a good recipe, you will get success.
Mary Berry - It's so comforting to have a small piece of cake. Just one slice.
Mary Berry - Family life is fragmenting in this modern age, but it's up to all of us to keep it together.
Mary Berry - I was rather hopeless at school, but the one subject I seemed to be good at was domestic science.
Mary Berry - The only time I'll use a microwave is to warm up a cup of coffee I've left too long before drinking.
Mary Berry - Some of my fondest memories are holidays by the seaside.
Mary Berry - I think to eat cake is very good for us, but it's the size of the slice and how often you have it.
Mary Berry - Wherever possible, I like to use home-grown or locally produced ingredients.
Mary Berry - When you're on the way up, you have to take all the jobs because bills have to be paid.
Mary J. Blige - You can look at my palm and see the storm coming. Read the book of my life and see I've overcome it.
Mary J. Blige - Believe in yourself when nobody else does.
Mary J. Blige - My journey continues, because I've, you know, conquered a lot. And I know how to conquer the rest.
Mary J. Blige - It hurts when you have to smile and you don't want to smile, but the best thing to do is to smile.
Mary J. Blige - I can have as many bad days as anyone. But I choose to say, 'I'm just fine.'
Mary J. Blige - When you hold on to anger and unforgiveness, you can't move forward.
Mary J. Blige - Once you climb to another level, you have to figure out how to sustain it.
Mary J. Blige - When life is real, it's not going to be smooth.
Mary J. Blige - The music business is not a good place for people who don't know things.
Mary J. Blige - There's not enough time to be disrespecting... Life is too short.
Mary Kay Ash - No matter how busy you are, you must take time to make the other person feel important.
Mary Kay Ash - The speed of the leader is the speed of the gang.
Mary Kay Ash - A company is only as good as the people it keeps.
Mary Kay Ash - Everyone wants to be appreciated, so if you appreciate someone, don't keep it a secret.
Mary Kay Ash - Sandwich every bit of criticism between two layers of praise.
Mary Kay Ash - Most people live and die with their music still unplayed. They never dare to try.
Mary Kay Ash - If you think you can, you can. And if you think you can't, you're right.
Mary Kay Ash - Left eyebrow raised, right eyebrow raised.
Mary Kay Ash - A good goal is like a strenuous exercise - it makes you stretch.
Mary Kay Ash - Every silver lining has a cloud.
Mary McCarthy - We all live in suspense from day to day; in other words, you are the hero of your own story.
Mary McCarthy - Every word she writes is a lie, including and and the.
Mary McCarthy - I am putting real plums into an imaginary cake.
Mary McCarthy - People with bad consciences always fear the judgment of children.
Mary McCarthy - We are the hero of our own story.
Mary McCarthy - Bureaucracy, the rule of no one, has become the modern form of despotism.
Mary McCarthy - Life for the European is a career; for the American it is a hazard.
Mary McCarthy - In science, all facts, no matter how trivial or banal, enjoy democratic equality.
Mary McCarthy - You musn't force sex to do the work of love or love to do the work of sex.
Mary McCarthy - Europe is the unfinished negative of which America is the proof.
Mary Oliver - Tell me, what is it you plan to do with your one wild and precious life?
Mary Oliver - So this is how you swim inward. So this is how you flow outwards. So this is how you pray.
Mary Oliver - I'd rather write about polar bears than people.
Mary Oliver - To pay attention, this is our endless and proper work.
Mary Oliver - I simply do not distinguish between work and play.
Mary Oliver - I very much wished not to be noticed, and to be left alone, and I sort of succeeded.
Mary Oliver - One thing I do know is that poetry, to be understood, must be clear.
Mary Oliver - People want poetry. They need poetry. They get it. They don't want fancy work.
Mary Oliver - In college, you learn how to learn. Four years is not too much time to spend at that.
Mary Oliver - To find a new word that is accurate and different, you have to be alert for it.
Mary Roach - All of my books tend to be about things going on in labs that you wouldn't really expect.
Mary Roach - If I couldn't use food or love to define contentment, I would use reading.
Mary Roach - Gravitation is the lust of the cosmos.
Mary Roach - Day by day, I'm kind of a bore.
Mary Roach - To me, death is dark, pain, grief.
Mary Roach - I'm a science goober.
Mary Roach - The Internet is a boon for hypochondriacs like me.
Mary Roach - I rarely listen to music while writing. I wish I could, but it distracts me.
Mary Roach - I've been writing full-time since about 1984 - mostly magazine features and columns.
Mary Roach - Flatulence peaks twice a day... five hours after lunch and five hours after dinner.
Mary Tyler Moore - You can't be brave if you've only had wonderful things happen to you.
Mary Tyler Moore - Sometimes you have to get to know someone really well to realize you're really strangers.
Mary Tyler Moore - I'm not an actress who can create a character. I play me.
Mary Tyler Moore - Lou Grant was pretty much always Lou Grant.
Mary Tyler Moore - I've always been independent. I've always had courage. But I didn't always own my diabetes.
Mary Tyler Moore - Diets are for those who are thick and tired of it.
Mary Tyler Moore - I've had the fame and the joy of getting laughter - those are gifts.
Mary Tyler Moore - The only leading man I ever had a crush on was James Garner.
Mary Tyler Moore - I can't eat pure sugar. I can't have candy.
Mary Tyler Moore - You truly have to make the very best of what you've got. We all do.
Mary Wollstonecraft - It is justice, not charity, that is wanting in the world.
Mary Wollstonecraft - The beginning is always today.
Mary Wollstonecraft - The being cannot be termed rational or virtuous, who obeys any authority, but that of reason.
Mary Wollstonecraft - Virtue can only flourish among equals.
Mary Wollstonecraft - Surely something resides in this heart that is not perishable - and life is more than a dream.
Mary Wollstonecraft - Strengthen the female mind by enlarging it, and there will be an end to blind obedience.
Mary Wollstonecraft - Every political good carried to the extreme must be productive of evil.
Mary Wollstonecraft - No man chooses evil because it is evil; he only mistakes it for happiness, the good he seeks.
Mary Wollstonecraft - How can a rational being be ennobled by any thing that is not obtained by its own exertions?
Mary Wollstonecraft - Why is our fancy to be appalled by terrific perspectives of a hell beyond the grave?
Mason Cooley - The lonely become either thoughtful or empty.
Mason Cooley - Flattery and insults raise the same question: What do you want?
Mason Cooley - Preserving tradition has become a nice hobby, like stamp collecting.
Mason Cooley - Travelers never think that they are the foreigners.
Mason Cooley - 'Be faithful to your roots' is the liberal version of 'Stay in your ghetto.'
Mason Cooley - Cats are inquisitive, but hate to admit it.
Mason Cooley - The ravaged face in the mirror hides the enchanting youth that is the real me.
Mason Cooley - Fantasy mirrors desire. Imagination reshapes it.
Mason Cooley - Moo may represent an idea, but only the cow knows.
Mason Cooley - In love, we worry more about the meaning of silences than the meaning of words.
Matt Cameron - Live life to the fullest, and focus on the positive.
Matt Cameron - Little things can make such a big difference during recording.
Matt Cameron - If PJ Harvey ever came to town I'd definitely go try to go see her.
Matt Cameron - The fact that Eddie Vedder likes to play 3 hour plus shows a night, I have to be ready for that.
Matt Cameron - Whenever Elvin Jones comes to Seattle I try to go catch him.
Matt Cameron - I think every band is a little cautious when the drummer starts to write tunes.
Matt Cameron - I show up ready to play, so I normally try and fit the situation.
Matt Cameron - For me, I just try to make sure I eat enough and drink enough water and that's about it.
Matt Cameron - I love the way Pharell is laying down great drum tracks. He is a great drummer.
Matt Cameron - My recording career has luckily run the gamut of recording environments.
Matt Groening - You've got to embrace the future. You can whine about it, but you've got to embrace it.
Matt Groening - Me fail english? Thats unpossible.
Matt Groening - Here's to alcohol: the cause of, and answer to, all of life's problems.
Matt Groening - Donuts. Is there anything they can't do?
Matt Groening - Families are about love overcoming emotional torture.
Matt Groening - Well, most grown-ups forget what it was like to be a kid. I vowed that I would never forget.
Matt Groening - I don't have to be careful, I've got a gun.
Matt Groening - God often gives nuts to toothless people.
Matt Groening - When DVDs finally disappear, I'm going to be sad. I'll miss the commentaries.
Matt Groening - Don't have a cow, man.
Matt Mullenweg - Ubuntu is doing amazing things, and I think it's going to change the face of the desktop.
Matt Mullenweg - For me, open source is a moral thing.
Matt Mullenweg - Don't think about work in your bedroom or relaxation area.
Matt Mullenweg - Immunity to obsolescence is the only obsolescent-immune conceit of the past millennium.
Matt Mullenweg - I don't have big ideas. I sometimes have small ideas, which seem to work out.
Matt Mullenweg - Technology is best when it brings people together.
Matt Mullenweg - Much of the lifeblood of blogs is search engines - more than half the traffic for most blogs.
Matt Mullenweg - Red notification bubbles on any icon, including mail, drive me crazy.
Matt Mullenweg - Akismet started on a $70 dollar-a-month server. Anyone can scrape together $70.
Matt Mullenweg - The mobile world is very closed and proprietary just by definition.
Matthew Desmond - My dad was a preacher.
Matthew Desmond - Fire itself is very beautiful, and there's an attachment to fire that firefighters have.
Matthew Desmond - When I want to understand a problem, I want to understand it from the ground level.
Matthew Desmond - I'm from a small town, and I thought I would be a lawyer.
Matthew Desmond - I left college with a deep sense that I needed to understand poverty more.
Matthew Desmond - The things you're closest to are often the things you know least about.
Matthew Desmond - An eviction is an incredibly time consuming and stressful event.
Matthew Desmond - There are moving companies specializing in evictions, their crews working all day, every weekday.
Matthew Desmond - It takes a good amount of time and money to establish a home. Eviction can erase all that.
Matthew Desmond - You do learn how to cope from those who are coping.
Matthew Henry - None so deaf as those that will not hear. None so blind as those that will not see.
Matthew Henry - After a storm comes a calm.
Matthew Henry - Many a dangerous temptation comes to us in gay, fine colours, that are but skin-deep.
Matthew Henry - It is not talking but walking that will bring us to heaven.
Matthew Henry - No attribute of God is more dreadful to sinners than His holiness.
Matthew Henry - Here is bread, which strengthens man's heart, and therefore is called the staff of Life.
Matthew Henry - Saying and doing are two things.
Matthew Henry - The Scriptures were written, not to make us astronomers, but to make us saints.
Matthew Henry - Better late than never.
Matthew Henry - The way to preserve the peace of the church is to preserve its purity.
Matthew McConaughey - My life is the road, man. I need to keep moving.
Matthew McConaughey - Man who invented the hamburger was smart; man who invented the cheeseburger was a genius.
Matthew McConaughey - There aren't many things that are universally cool, and it's cool not to litter. I'd never do it.
Matthew McConaughey - We dissect failure a lot more than we dissect success.
Matthew McConaughey - I don't want to just revolve. I want to evolve. As a man, as a human, as a father, as a lover.
Matthew McConaughey - Africa is probably one of the most beautiful places I have ever been.
Matthew McConaughey - Life is a series of commas, not periods.
Matthew McConaughey - If you can be mentally stimulated by the workout and find out how to get through it, it's more fun.
Matthew McConaughey - I like having my hands in the clay. I like the movie-making process.
Matthew McConaughey - A creep is someone who claims he's one thing but he's actually another.
Mattie Stepanek - Unity is strength... when there is teamwork and collaboration, wonderful things can be achieved.
Mattie Stepanek - Sunset is still my favorite color, and rainbow is second.
Mattie Stepanek - Sad things happen. They do. But we don't need to live sad forever.
Mattie Stepanek - Even though the future seems far away, it is actually beginning right now.
Mattie Stepanek - Remember to play after every storm.
Mattie Stepanek - Expressing my feelings and then the opportunity to share it with others is just such a gift.
Mattie Stepanek - I want to be remembered as a poet, a peacemaker, and a philosopher who played.
Mattie Stepanek - My disease is a very rare form of muscular dystrophy, called disautonomic mitochondrial myopathy.
Mattie Stepanek - The way of life is not as easy as some people think... like me.
Mattie Stepanek - I write to express my thoughts, my feelings. I want people to think.
Maurice Sendak - The distinctions of fine art bore me to death.
Maurice Sendak - There must be more to life than having everything.
Maurice Sendak - Mothers and children are human beings, and they will sometimes do the wrong thing.
Maurice Sendak - Childhood is a tricky business. Usually, something goes wrong.
Maurice Sendak - I adored Mickey Mouse when I was a child. He was the emblem of happiness and funniness.
Maurice Sendak - All I wanted was to be straight so my parents could be happy.
Maurice Sendak - There's something in this country that is so opposed to understanding the complexity of children.
Maurice Sendak - Grown-ups are afraid for children. It's not children who are afraid.
Maurice Sendak - I want to write something so simple, so short and so silly... and I want it to be for my brother.
Maurice Sendak - There's so much more to a book than just the reading.
Maxwell Maltz - Man maintains his balance, poise, and sense of security only as he is moving forward.
Maxwell Maltz - You make mistakes. Mistakes don't make you.
Maxwell Maltz - Our self image, strongly held, essentially determines what we become.
Maxwell Maltz - Self-image sets the boundaries of individual accomplishment.
Maxwell Maltz - Low self-esteem is like driving through life with your hand-brake on.
Maxwell Maltz - If you make friends with yourself you will never be alone.
Maxwell Maltz - You may live in an imperfect world but the frontiers are not closed and the doors are not all shut.
Maxwell Maltz - To change a habit, make a conscious decision, then act out the new behavior.
Maxwell Maltz - Your most important sale in life is to sell yourself to yourself.
Maxwell Maltz - You can always find the sun within yourself if you will only search.
Maya Rudolph - To have your childhood dream realized is a really big deal.
Maya Rudolph - To grow up with the loss of your mother is a scar that never goes away.
Maya Rudolph - If my time with my kids is shorter than it was yesterday, it's better than nothing.
Maya Rudolph - I never thought I'd get a chance to do what I'm doing. It's such a dream.
Maya Rudolph - I think that people who don't like kids are awful people.
Maya Rudolph - I really love laughing.
Maya Rudolph - Before I had children, everything about my life was devoted to Saturday Night Live.
Maya Rudolph - I don't know if comedy is a male sport. I always wondered that.
Maya Rudolph - I've met people who are baffled by children, as though they were never children themselves.
Maya Rudolph - No, no, no. Your accent is so beautiful.
Maynard James Keenan - I'm a pessimist. But I'm a pessimist with a sense of responsibility.
Maynard James Keenan - Reading is more of a left-brain process, and listening to music is a right-brain function.
Maynard James Keenan - People have to follow their hearts, and if their hearts lead them to Wal-Mart, so be it.
Maynard James Keenan - The idea is, if I can't heal from my art, then how can you heal?
Maynard James Keenan - Because as an only child, you have your own little world.
Maynard James Keenan - I'm a lot easier to work with now than I have been in the past, for sure.
Maynard James Keenan - I can't be a legend yet. I'm not dead.
Maynard James Keenan - There is still a future with music, because people want music.
Maynard James Keenan - I think people in general have neglected to learn about history.
Maynard James Keenan - Everything we release with Tool is inspired by our music.
Meek Mill - I know all I really wanna do is get money and take care of my family.
Meek Mill - Work harder than anybody you've ever seen. That's what I believe.
Meek Mill - Everybody think they're famous when they get 100,000 followers on Instagram and 5,000 on Twitter.
Meek Mill - People say money ain't nothing; money is basically everything.
Meek Mill - When my girl do better than me, I still win. When I do better than her, she still wins.
Meek Mill - I watch my YouTube videos over and over.
Meek Mill - I always wanted to be one of the hottest rappers.
Meek Mill - I'm not gone remix a record I don't got no love for.
Meek Mill - I don't want to just be fully rapping my whole life.
Meek Mill - I need, sometimes, individuals to spark an idea so that I can take off running.
Megan Fox - I try to live with the idea that karma is a very real thing. So I put out what I want to get back.
Megan Fox - I'm not a big family person. I'm more of a loner.
Megan Fox - I've never even come close to having a one-night stand.
Megan Fox - I'm very confident in how I project my personality.
Megan Fox - Sometimes I say things that I think are obviously sarcastic and people take them quite literally.
Megan Fox - I'm not a 'sexy' 'beautiful' woman. It takes a lot of work to make me look like a girl.
Megan Fox - 'Midnight Nation' is really interesting.
Megan Fox - I haven't gone completely insane, but it might happen soon.
Megan Fox - I'm self-loathing, introverted, and neurotic.
Megan Fox - I resent having to prove that I'm not a retard.
Meghan Markle - I always want off-the-beaten-path, Anthony Bourdain-inspired travel.
Meghan Markle - I don't sit around thinking about my titles and roles; I just do what feels right.
Meghan Markle - My mom is a yoga instructor: 100% black with dreadlocks.
Meghan Markle - I did calligraphy for the invitations for, like, Robin Thicke and Paula Patton's wedding.
Meghan Markle - I'm a sucker for a compliment.
Meghan Markle - I love Ralph Lauren. As I travel so much, I prefer to shop online.
Meghan Markle - When I'm traveling, I won't miss an opportunity to try great pasta.
Meghan Markle - I think my dad always saw how happy I was on set.
Meghan Markle - I've never wanted to be a lady who lunches - I've always wanted to be a woman who works.
Meghan Markle - My parents always told me if I believed something was wrong, I should try to fix it.
Megyn Kelly - Some things are worth the fat and calories, although I have to watch it like a hawk.
Megyn Kelly - In another life - and as I like to say, another body - I used to teach aerobics.
Megyn Kelly - I'm the worst tweeter ever. I don't know what I'm doing. I really don't.
Megyn Kelly - I'm a struggling guitar player.
Megyn Kelly - Television can be a very fickle place.
Megyn Kelly - I still don't consider myself a fashion girl.
Megyn Kelly - Before I got into TV, I wasn't fashionable at all.
Megyn Kelly - Just because you might have a sparring match on the air doesn't mean there's any personal animosity.
Megyn Kelly - Im a soulless lawyer. Give me any opinion and I can argue it.
Megyn Kelly - I've lived in New York state almost my entire life, so my votes never count.
Meister Eckhart - If the only prayer you ever say in your entire life is thank you, it will be enough.
Meister Eckhart - The price of inaction is far greater than the cost of making a mistake.
Meister Eckhart - Do exactly what you would do if you felt most secure.
Meister Eckhart - What we plant in the soil of contemplation, we shall reap in the harvest of action.
Meister Eckhart - All God wants of man is a peaceful heart.
Meister Eckhart - To be full of things is to be empty of God. To be empty of things is to be full of God.
Meister Eckhart - He who would be serene and pure needs but one thing, detachment.
Meister Eckhart - The outward work will never be puny if the inward work is great.
Meister Eckhart - What a man takes in by contemplation, that he pours out in love.
Meister Eckhart - God is at home, it's we who have gone out for a walk.
Mel Brooks - If you're quiet, you're not living. You've got to be noisy and colorful and lively.
Mel Brooks - Tragedy is when I cut my finger. Comedy is when you fall into an open sewer and die.
Mel Brooks - You got to be brave. If you feel something, you've really got to risk it.
Mel Brooks - Life literally abounds in comedy if you just look around you.
Mel Brooks - Humor is just another defense against the universe.
Mel Brooks - I'll accept bad taste in a minute, as long as there's some great comedy minds and performances.
Mel Brooks - If God wanted us to fly, He would have given us tickets.
Mel Brooks - Everything we do in life is based on fear, especially love.
Mel Brooks - Bad taste is simply saying the truth before it should be said.
Mel Brooks - You're always a little disappointing in person because you can't be the edited essence of yourself.
Mel Gibson - I don't make things complicated, that's the way they get all by themselves.
Mel Gibson - I like going in to different styles of acting and exploring stuff I haven't done before.
Mel Gibson - The Holy Ghost was working through me on this film, and I was just direction traffic.
Mel Gibson - Feminists don't like me, and I don't like them.
Mel Gibson - Acting is like lying. The art of lying well. I'm paid to tell elaborate lies.
Mel Gibson - Marriage is marriage. Everybody has problems.
Mel Gibson - I have learned that a bitter experience can make you stronger.
Mel Gibson - I think everything is pretty well preordained - even your mistakes.
Mel Gibson - I'll always continue to work. I've never much depended on anyone but myself, as far as that goes.
Mel Gibson - I was spiritually bankrupt, and when that happens, it's like a spiritual cancer afflicts you.
Melania Trump - I style myself and choose what to wear based on what I feel good in it.
Melania Trump - I'm not that kind of wife who would say, 'Learn this' or 'Learn that.' I'm not a nagging wife.
Melania Trump - I'm very political. I'm not political in public; I'm political at home.
Melania Trump - I am not a 'yes' person. No matter who you are married to, you still need to lead your life.
Melania Trump - I always loved fashion. My mother was a fashion designer, so it was always in my blood.
Melania Trump - I enjoy tennis, Pilates. I read magazines and love fashion.
Melania Trump - You cannot change a person. Let them be. Let them be the way they are.
Melania Trump - Donald is intensely loyal. To family, friends, employees, country.
Melania Trump - I chose not to go into politics and policy. Those policies are my husband's job.
Melania Trump - I love my childhood. It was a beautiful childhood.
Melinda Gates - The premise of this foundation is one life on this planet is no more valuable than the next.
Melinda Gates - We started this mostly from an intellectual place.
Melinda Gates - We have to be careful in how we use this light shined on us.
Melinda Gates - But we also believe in taking risks, because that's how you move things along.
Melinda Gates - Microsoft certainly makes products for the Macintosh.
Melinda Gates - Women around the world should have a tool that helps them plan their pregnancies.
Melinda Gates - You can't save kids just with vaccines.
Melinda Gates - I learn in a different way. I learn experientially.
Melinda Gates - I'm constantly saying to myself, 'I'm lucky I was born in the United States.'
Melinda Gates - All lives have an equal value.
Melissa McCarthy - I am not a princess, I don't want to be referred to as a princess - I find that super creepy.
Melissa McCarthy - Part of being young is you think gaining 6 lbs. is the end of the world.
Melissa McCarthy - I don't really know why I'm not thinner than I am.
Melissa McCarthy - Comedy to me is all about the bumps and bruises and weird tics.
Melissa McCarthy - When I believe in something, I'm like a dog with a bone.
Melissa McCarthy - I'll do almost anything for a laugh.
Melissa McCarthy - I just don't lose weight easily.
Melissa McCarthy - I'm not a great pregnant woman.
Melissa McCarthy - Sometimes I wish I were just magically a size 6 and I never had to give it a single thought.
Melissa McCarthy - I'm really happy in my life.
Melody Beattie - Gratitude makes sense of our past, brings peace for today, and creates a vision for tomorrow.
Melody Beattie - Relationships are where we take our recovery on the road.
Melody Beattie - Few things can make us feel crazier than expecting something from someone who has nothing to give.
Melody Beattie - We can trust ourselves to know when our boundaries are being violated.
Melody Beattie - Feel what you feel, know what you know, and set your relatives free to do the same.
Melody Beattie - Each moment in time we have it all, even when we think we don't.
Melody Beattie - There are almost as many definitions of co-dependency as there are experiences that represent it.
Melody Beattie - We are on a very rich emotional and physical journey on this planet.
Melody Beattie - Guilt can stop us from taking healthy care of ourselves.
Melody Beattie - Some therapists have proclaimed: 'Co-dependency is anything, and everyone is co-dependent.'
Mencius - Friends are the siblings God never gave us.
Mencius - Sincerity is the way to heaven.
Mencius - The great man is he who does not lose his child's-heart.
Mencius - Secure property in hand leads to peace in mind.
Mencius - People can have a long-term life plan only if they know their private property is secure.
Mencius - If the king loves music, there is little wrong in the land.
Mencius - Mankind fears an evil man but heaven does not.
Mencius - It is not difficult to govern. All one has to do is not to offend the noble families.
Mencius - We live, not as we wish to, but as we can.
Mencius - Friendship is one mind in two bodies.
Meryl Streep - All an actor has is their blind faith that they are who they say they are today, in any scene.
Meryl Streep - Motherhood has a very humanizing effect. Everything gets reduced to essentials.
Meryl Streep - I have a very good life - I'm lucky enough not to be deprived.
Meryl Streep - I need to go where people are serious about acting.
Meryl Streep - Instant gratification is not soon enough.
Meryl Streep - Having been let out of the barn once, I know I wouldn't be happy if I were home all the time.
Meryl Streep - Expensive clothes are a waste of money.
Meryl Streep - There are improbable things suspended in space, like the earth.
Meryl Streep - The great gift of human beings is that we have the power of empathy.
Meryl Streep - I'm never so sure as I was in my mid-20s.
Mia Hamm - I hope all you young girls see yourself up there... we were just like you.
Mia Hamm - There are always new, grander challenges to confront, and a true winner will embrace each one.
Mia Hamm - You may get skinned knees and elbows, but it's worth it if you score a spectacular goal.
Mia Hamm - If you don't love what you do, you won't do it with much conviction or passion.
Mia Hamm - Success breeds success.
Mia Hamm - It is not sacrifice if you love what you're doing.
Mia Hamm - True champions aren't always the ones that win, but those with the most guts.
Mia Hamm - Follow your heart and make it your decision.
Mia Hamm - I love watching gymnastics, swimming, and track and field.
Mia Hamm - Take your victories, whatever they may be, cherish them, use them, but don't settle for them.
Michael Bloomberg - I am what I am and, you know, I'm a very lucky guy.
Michael Bloomberg - The cold harsh reality is that we have to balance the budget.
Michael Bloomberg - I know how to make decisions and stand up to the criticism every day.
Michael Bloomberg - We will rebuild, renew and remain the capital of the free world.
Michael Bloomberg - We will go forward... we will never go back.
Michael Bloomberg - Stubborn isn't a word I would use to describe myself; pigheaded is more appropriate.
Michael Bloomberg - You can't depend on polls.
Michael Bloomberg - You are safer here tonight than you would be on the streets of any other city in the world.
Michael Bloomberg - No place epitomizes the American experience and the American spirit more than New York City.
Michael Bloomberg - What has changed is that people have stopped working together.
Michael Caine - Be like a duck. Calm on the surface, but always paddling like the dickens underneath.
Michael Caine - When you reach the top, that's when the climb begins.
Michael Caine - Alfie was the first time I was above the title; the first time I became a star in America.
Michael Caine - At 69, I got the girl! And it wasn't a 68-year-old girl, either.
Michael Caine - Comedy is underrepresented in every actor's life, because it's so bloody difficult to write.
Michael Caine - I felt a tremendous sadness for men who can't deal with a woman of their own age.
Michael Caine - Save your money. You're going to need twice as much money in your old age as you think.
Michael Caine - I'm every bourgeois nightmare - a Cockney with intelligence and a million dollars.
Michael Caine - To me, growing old is great. It's the very best thing - considering the alternative.
Michael Caine - Obsession is a young man's game, and my only excuse is that I never grew old.
Michael Gove - It's often the case that successful people invite criticism.
Michael Gove - I have a brother-in-law who lives in Spain.
Michael Gove - I'm clear that we do need to improve what's happening in our schools.
Michael Gove - I think more and more respect has been accorded to teachers, and quite rightly so.
Michael Gove - In this fallen world, I suspect we will never achieve perfection. But that won't stop me trying.
Michael Gove - I'm a decentralizer. I believe in trusting professionals.
Michael Gove - I want people to be the authors of their own life story.
Michael Gove - The accumulation of cultural capital - the acquisition of knowledge - is the key to social mobility.
Michael Gove - Ever since going up to university, I have accumulated new debt, and new means of becoming indebted.
Michael Gove - Many more schools can be outstanding.
Michael Greger - As a physician specializing in nutrition, my priority is to the health of the public.
Michael Greger - Ounce for ounce, herbs and spices have more antioxidants than any other food group.
Michael Greger - Good news for orange lovers: citrus fruit intake has been associated with reduced stroke risk.
Michael Greger - A plant-based diet is like a one-stop shop against chronic diseases.
Michael Greger - Sick animals can lead to sick people.
Michael Greger - Everyone feels sad occasionally. A full range of emotions is part of what makes us human.
Michael Greger - Sometimes it feels like there aren't enough hours in a day to get everything done.
Michael Greger - As you age, your blood pressure tends to get higher.
Michael Greger - Breast cancer is thought to use cholesterol to help the cancer migrate and invade more tissue.
Michael Greger - Walking at a moderate pace for an hour a day is considered a moderately intense level of exercise.
Michael Haneke - What I like are films that take me seriously, that don't treat me as more stupid than I am.
Michael Haneke - As a private person, professionally I am invisible.
Michael Haneke - An artist is someone who should raise questions rather than give answers. I have no message.
Michael Haneke - Usually music is used to hide a film's problems.
Michael Haneke - A feature film is twenty-four lies per second.
Michael Haneke - It's harder to write a story with just two people in a room than with 50 characters.
Michael Haneke - I consider all my films experiments.
Michael Haneke - What we're doing for another person is more important than what we're feeling for them.
Michael Haneke - All movies assault the viewer in one way or another.
Michael Haneke - As a European filmmaker, you can not make a genre film seriously. You can only make a parody.
Michael Hastings - It was either write or die for me.
Michael Hastings - I went into journalism to do journalism, not advertising.
Michael Hastings - My younger brother is a decorated combat veteran and was a platoon leader in Iraq.
Michael Hastings - I want to be the greatest investigative reporter of my generation.
Michael Hastings - During the invasion of Iraq in 2003, the military conducted only a handful of drone missions.
Michael Hastings - The genius of David Petraeus has always been his masterful manipulation of the media.
Michael Hastings - When writing for a mass audience, put a fact in every sentence.
Michael Hastings - By the second sentence of a pitch, the entirety of the story should be explained.
Michael Hastings - I thought Gen. McChrystal was unfireable, that his position was secure.
Michael Hastings - General McChrystal wanted to be on the cover of 'Rolling Stone.'
Michael J. Fox - Family is not an important thing. It's everything.
Michael J. Fox - I think the scariest person in the world is the person with no sense of humor.
Michael J. Fox - The least amount of judging we can do, the better off we are.
Michael J. Fox - My view of life is colored by humor and looking at the best in any situation.
Michael J. Fox - Life delivered me a catastrophe, but I found a richness of soul.
Michael J. Fox - I'm a dad, I'm a husband, I'm an activist, I'm a writer and I'm just a student of the world.
Michael J. Fox - In fact, Parkinson's has made me a better person. A better husband, father and overall human being.
Michael J. Fox - The more I expect, the more unhappy I am going to be. The more I accept, the more serene I am.
Michael J. Fox - When I was younger, I was always described as happy-go-lucky.
Michael J. Fox - The only thing worse than an opportunity you don't deserve is blowing an opportunity.
Michael Jackson - My mother's wonderful. To me she's perfection.
Michael Jackson - The greatest education in the world is watching the masters at work.
Michael Jackson - But I will never stop helping and loving people the way Jesus said to.
Michael Jackson - I'm happy to be alive, I'm happy to be who I am.
Michael Jackson - I'm just like anyone. I cut and I bleed. And I embarass easily.
Michael Jackson - I just wish I could understand my father.
Michael Jackson - I'm never pleased with anything, I'm a perfectionist, it's part of who I am.
Michael Jackson - Just because it's in print doesn't mean it's the gospel.
Michael Jackson - When I see children, I see the face of God. That's why I love them so much. That's what I see.
Michael Jackson - Please keep an open mind and let me have my day in court.
Michael Keaton - Anesthesia is quite remarkable. It's lost time. And you wake up kind of refreshed.
Michael Keaton - To this day, I have the most fond memories of some of my old toys.
Michael Keaton - I get kinda self-conscious. I don't want to know about my eyebrows. I'm born with them.
Michael Keaton - I was an altar boy, which I loved and am very proud of. It was strict, but also really nice.
Michael Keaton - Weirdly, for someone who wanted to be funny, I didn't like a lot of attention.
Michael Keaton - There is the theory... that you live in two places: You either live in fear, or you live in love.
Michael Keaton - I always knew the way in was Bruce Wayne. It wasn't Batman. It was never Batman. That was the key.
Michael Keaton - I really believed that Batman had the potential to be one of the coolest guys in cinema.
Michael Keaton - There are very few jobs where you're held up to public scrutiny.
Michael Keaton - Filmmaking is the ultimate team sport.
Michael Korda - Art teaches nothing, except the significance of life.
Michael Korda - One way to keep momentum going is to have constantly greater goals.
Michael Korda - To succeed it is necessary to accept the world as it is and rise above it.
Michael Korda - The purely agitation attitude is not good enough for a detailed consideration of a subject.
Michael Korda - The more you can dream, the more you can do.
Michael Korda - Numbers of sales do not correspond to numbers of readers.
Michael Korda - Act well at the moment, and you have performed a good action for all eternity.
Michael Korda - What you hear repeatedly you will eventually believe.
Michael Korda - Men naturally resent it when women take greater liberties in dress than men are allowed.
Michael Korda - An ounce of hypocrisy is worth a pound of ambition.
Michael Kors - A man in a well tailored suit will always shine brighter than a guy in an off-the-rack suit.
Michael Kors - When I was a kid, I was trendier. I'd wear anything. I was in love beads and platforms.
Michael Kors - I think the older I get, the more I realize that the ultimate luxury is time.
Michael Kors - Learn to invest in the best quality you can afford and wear pieces in different ways.
Michael Kors - For me, true luxury can be caviar or a day with no meetings, no appointments and no schedule.
Michael Kors - I know what women look good in. I don't think the rules ever change.
Michael Kors - Americans are always a little bit insecure.
Michael Kors - Clothes are like a good meal, a good movie, great pieces of music.
Michael Kors - I am the oldest young designer in New York City.
Michael Kors - Give me Caviar Kaspia and give me a hamburger. I love the two extremes.
Michael Leunig - Love one another and you will be happy. It's as simple and as difficult as that.
Michael Leunig - I had a few ducks as a kid.
Michael Leunig - Humanity hungers for the uncommon.
Michael Leunig - A world view is probably an expression of self.
Michael Leunig - I've learned to respect the whimsical.
Michael Leunig - Have I got the right to experiment with my child's life?
Michael Leunig - Stay away from excellence at all costs; it stinks.
Michael Leunig - I'm totally deaf in my right ear, yeah.
Michael Leunig - Happiness, it's a small thing - just a very little thing.
Michael Leunig - I had many good teachers, but only three of them were school teachers.
Michael Moore - Diets are a scam.
Michael Moore - WikiLeaks, God bless them, will save lives as a result of their actions.
Michael Moore - You can't regulate child labor. You can't regulate slavery. Some things are just wrong.
Michael Moore - Documentaries are a form of journalism.
Michael Moore - There's a gullible side to the American people. They can be easily misled.
Michael Moore - Clinton was a pretty good president for a Republican.
Michael Moore - I'd feel bad if I had you come into a theater and you leave feeling ripped off.
Michael Moore - I'm used to my films having little effect on making the world a better place.
Michael Moore - You can't debate satire. Either you get it or you don't.
Michael Moore - No decisions should ever be made without asking the question, is this for the common good?
Michael Phelps - You can't put a limit on anything. The more you dream, the farther you get.
Michael Phelps - Swimming is normal for me. I'm relaxed. I'm comfortable, and I know my surroundings. It's my home.
Michael Phelps - I feel most at home in the water. I disappear. That's where I belong.
Michael Phelps - I am 26 and, and I don't recover as fast as I have in the past.
Michael Phelps - I won't predict anything historic. But nothing is impossible.
Michael Phelps - The more you dream the more you achieve.
Michael Phelps - I always thought, it would be neat to make the Olympic team.
Michael Phelps - I'm the same kind of guy before all this happened.
Michael Phelps - I believe in God; I'm not saying I'm highly religious.
Michael Phelps - I want to go to the World Cup. I want to go to the Masters. I want to go... anywhere.
Michael Pollan - I think perfect objectivity is an unrealistic goal; fairness, however, is not.
Michael Pollan - Corn is a greedy crop, as farmers will tell you.
Michael Pollan - A lawn is nature under totalitarian rule.
Michael Pollan - High-quality food is better for your health.
Michael Pollan - At home I serve the kind of food I know the story behind.
Michael Pollan - The correlation between poverty and obesity can be traced to agricultural policies and subsidies.
Michael Pollan - Perhaps more than any other, the food industry is very sensitive to consumer demand.
Michael Pollan - Plus, I love comic writing. Nothing satisfies me more than finding a funny way to phrase something.
Michael Pollan - Without the potato, the balance of European power might never have tilted north.
Michael Pollan - The garden suggests there might be a place where we can meet nature halfway.
Michael Porter - Strategy is about making choices, trade-offs; it's about deliberately choosing to be different.
Michael Porter - The essence of strategy is choosing what not to do.
Michael Porter - The best CEOs I know are teachers, and at the core of what they teach is strategy.
Michael Porter - Sound strategy starts with having the right goal.
Michael Porter - Innovation is the central issue in economic prosperity.
Michael Porter - The ability to change constantly and effectively is made easier by high-level continuity.
Michael Porter - The company without a strategy is willing to try anything.
Michael Porter - Change brings opportunities. On the other hand, change can be confusing.
Michael Porter - The essence of strategy is that you must set limits on what you're trying to accomplish.
Michael Porter - The underlying principles of strategy are enduring, regardless of technology or the pace of change.
Michael Schumacher - When you start out in a team, you have to get the teamwork going and then you get something back.
Michael Schumacher - The more precisely I can drive, the more I enjoy myself.
Michael Schumacher - Once something is a passion, the motivation is there.
Michael Schumacher - Somehow I have managed to delay looking old. In reality I have good genes.
Michael Schumacher - I have been in Formula One for 12 years, and out of that I had one year with the perfect car.
Michael Schumacher - If you look right from the beginning of the season I've been very competitive.
Michael Schumacher - Let's put it this way, I like number seven.
Michael Schumacher - I always thought records were there to be broken.
Michael Schumacher - I think I was five when I had my real first go-kart.
Michael Schumacher - I have really enjoyed my time at Ferrari, not just because of the successes.
Michel de Montaigne - A good marriage would be between a blind wife and a deaf husband.
Michel de Montaigne - Nothing fixes a thing so intensely in the memory as the wish to forget it.
Michel de Montaigne - Stubborn and ardent clinging to one's opinion is the best proof of stupidity.
Michel de Montaigne - Lend yourself to others, but give yourself to yourself.
Michel de Montaigne - My life has been full of terrible misfortunes most of which never happened.
Michel de Montaigne - I know well what I am fleeing from but not what I am in search of.
Michel de Montaigne - If you press me to say why I loved him, I can say no more than because he was he, and I was I.
Michel de Montaigne - Rejoice in the things that are present; all else is beyond thee.
Michel de Montaigne - Ignorance is the softest pillow on which a man can rest his head.
Michel de Montaigne - Nothing is so firmly believed as what we least know.
Michelangelo - Every block of stone has a statue inside it and it is the task of the sculptor to discover it.
Michelangelo - The true work of art is but a shadow of the divine perfection.
Michelangelo - I saw the angel in the marble and carved until I set him free.
Michelangelo - Genius is eternal patience.
Michelangelo - My soul can find no staircase to Heaven unless it be through Earth's loveliness.
Michelangelo - The marble not yet carved can hold the form of every thought the greatest artist has.
Michelangelo - If people knew how hard I worked to get my mastery, it wouldn't seem so wonderful at all.
Michelangelo - Lord, grant that I may always desire more than I can accomplish.
Michelangelo - A man paints with his brains and not with his hands.
Michelangelo - I live and love in God's peculiar light.
Michele Bachmann - It's tough to find a place not to like in Switzerland.
Michele Bachmann - We're running out of rich people in this country.
Michele Bachmann - Morals are built on religious faith. Virtue is built on morality and influences a culture.
Michele Bachmann - The government has no business telling an individual what kind of light bulb to buy.
Michele Bachmann - Deprivation sometimes can be one of the most marvelous teachers.
Michele Bachmann - I am a fighter. I'm not just there to go along and get along.
Michele Bachmann - Carbon dioxide is natural. It is not harmful. It is part of Earth's life cycle.
Michele Bachmann - I come here as one of you - an Iowan!
Michele Bachmann - My husband and I had five biological children but we also have been raising 23 foster children.
Michele Bachmann - The American people's vote can't be bought.
Michio Kaku - When we're born, we want to know why the stars shine. We want to know why the sun rises.
Michio Kaku - I have nothing against investment banking, but it's like massaging money rather than creating money.
Michio Kaku - I believe we exist in a multiverse of universes.
Michio Kaku - When I was a child, it was cool to be a scientist.
Michio Kaku - We do spend too much time on the telephone, and you know something? We love it.
Michio Kaku - To a physicist, we have the 'I' word, the I-word is 'impossible.' That's dangerous.
Michio Kaku - Chemistry is the melodies you can play on vibrating strings.
Michio Kaku - There's no reason why we cannot become smarter, more perfect, and maybe even live longer.
Michio Kaku - It's pointless to have a nice clean desk, because it means you're not doing anything.
Michio Kaku - In science, nothing is ever 100% proven.
Mickey Mantle - A team is where a boy can prove his courage on his own. A gang is where a coward goes to hide.
Mickey Mantle - I guess you could say I'm what this country is all about.
Mickey Mantle - He who has the fastest golf cart never has a bad lie.
Mickey Mantle - Hitting the ball was easy. Running around the bases was the tough part.
Mickey Mantle - The only thing I can do is play baseball. I have to play ball. It's the only thing I know.
Mickey Mantle - It's unbelievable how much you don't know about the game you've been playing all your life.
Mickey Mantle - Well, baseball was my whole life. Nothing's ever been as fun as baseball.
Mickey Mantle - If I knew I was going to live this long, I'd have taken better care of myself.
Mickey Mantle - I don't care who you are, you hear those boos.
Mickey Mantle - I'll play baseball for the Army or fight for it, whatever they want me to do.
Mignon McLaughlin - A successful marriage requires falling in love many times, always with the same person.
Mignon McLaughlin - Love is the silent saying and saying of a single name.
Mignon McLaughlin - It's innocence when it charms us, ignorance when it doesn't.
Mignon McLaughlin - Even cowards can endure hardship; only the brave can endure suspense.
Mignon McLaughlin - When suffering comes, we yearn for some sign from God, forgetting we have just had one.
Mignon McLaughlin - The only courage that matters is the kind that gets you from one moment to the next.
Mignon McLaughlin - Hope is the feeling we have that the feeling we have is not permanent.
Mignon McLaughlin - For the happiest life, days should be rigorously planned, nights left open to chance.
Mignon McLaughlin - No one really listens to anyone else, and if you try it for a while you'll see why.
Mignon McLaughlin - Nymphomaniac: a woman as obsessed with sex as an average man.
Miguel de Cervantes - The eyes those silent tongues of love.
Miguel de Cervantes - Too much sanity may be madness and the maddest of all, to see life as it is and not as it should be.
Miguel de Cervantes - To be prepared is half the victory.
Miguel de Cervantes - Never stand begging for that which you have the power to earn.
Miguel de Cervantes - Truth will rise above falsehood as oil above water.
Miguel de Cervantes - In order to attain the impossible, one must attempt the absurd.
Miguel de Cervantes - From reading too much, and sleeping too little, his brain dried up on him and he lost his judgment.
Miguel de Cervantes - The knowledge of yourself will preserve you from vanity.
Miguel de Cervantes - Valor lies just halfway between rashness and cowardice.
Miguel de Cervantes - It is one thing to praise discipline, and another to submit to it.
Miguel de Unamuno - A man does not die of love or his liver or even of old age; he dies of being a man.
Miguel de Unamuno - Love is the child of illusion and the parent of disillusion.
Miguel de Unamuno - Science is a cemetery of dead ideas.
Miguel de Unamuno - What we believe to be the motives of our conduct are usually but the pretexts for it.
Miguel de Unamuno - A lot of good arguments are spoiled by some fool who knows what he is talking about.
Miguel de Unamuno - Human beliefs, like all other natural growths, elude the barrier of systems.
Miguel de Unamuno - Art distills sensations and embodies it with enhanced meaning.
Miguel de Unamuno - Man dies of cold, not of darkness.
Miguel de Unamuno - To fall into a habit is to begin to cease to be.
Miguel de Unamuno - Anyone who in discussion relies upon authority uses, not his understanding, but rather his memory.
Mike Birbiglia - I love pizza. I want to marry it, but it would just be to eat her family at the wedding.
Mike Birbiglia - Pain is funnier than love.
Mike Birbiglia - You have to be delusional to be a comedian.
Mike Birbiglia - I'd much rather try and fail than talk about trying.
Mike Birbiglia - Shooting a movie isn't good for a sleep disorder.
Mike Birbiglia - I just don't give off a great first impression.
Mike Birbiglia - Jokes are so personal, and they bring us together in so many ways.
Mike Birbiglia - Creepy people do the things that decent people want to do, but have decided are not a great idea.
Mike Birbiglia - Comedy unites, it doesn't divide!
Mike Birbiglia - Nothing that you want ever is what you think it is.
Mike Ditka - You're never a loser until you quit trying.
Mike Ditka - If God had wanted man to play soccer, he wouldn't have given us arms.
Mike Ditka - If you're not in the parade, you watch the parade. That's life.
Mike Ditka - Before you can win, you have to believe you are worthy.
Mike Ditka - If you are determined enough and willing to pay the price, you can get it done.
Mike Ditka - I do some weights and I do a lot of stretching.
Mike Ditka - If things came easy, then everybody would be great at what they did, let's face it.
Mike Ditka - Success isn't permanent and failure isn't fatal.
Mike Ditka - The ones who want to achieve and win championships motivate themselves.
Mike Ditka - Success is measured by your discipline and inner peace.
Mike Huckabee - Inside every human being there are treasures to unlock.
Mike Huckabee - Divorce is one of the key predictors of poverty for a child growing up in a home that's broken.
Mike Huckabee - I've never, ever tasted beer.
Mike Huckabee - No one is more important to the future of our state than our teachers.
Mike Huckabee - I think people forget that bipartisanship is really the burden of the victor, not the loser.
Mike Huckabee - If consumers make better choices, the marketplace will change.
Mike Huckabee - The fact is, my friends, most Americans don't want more government. They want less government.
Mike Huckabee - I've always suggested if you can't stand the sight of your own blood, don't run for office.
Mike Huckabee - The Bible, however, was not created to be amended and altered with each passing culture.
Mike Huckabee - I would describe myself as a 'total conservative, a conscientious one.'
Mike Krzyzewski - To me, teamwork is the beauty of our sport, where you have five acting as one. You become selfless.
Mike Krzyzewski - I think you're not a human being unless you have doubts and fears.
Mike Krzyzewski - You can see and you can listen, but you have to have moments in which you feel.
Mike Krzyzewski - Each group and each youngster is different. As a leader or coach, you get to know what they need.
Mike Krzyzewski - The truth is that many people set rules to keep from making decisions.
Mike Krzyzewski - I always wanted to teach.
Mike Krzyzewski - With me and basketball, it became part of me.
Mike Krzyzewski - Throughout my life, my mom has been the person that I've always looked up to.
Mike Krzyzewski - I hated to lose.
Mike Krzyzewski - Imagination has a great deal to do with winning.
Mike Pence - Despite the hysteria from the political class and the media, smoking doesn't kill.
Mike Pence - I believe in servant leadership, and the servant always asks, 'Where am I needed most?'
Mike Pence - Behind every great man is a woman rolling her eyes.
Mike Pence - Donald Trump is a good man, and he will make a great president of the United States of America.
Mike Pence - Well the truth is, Republicans didn't just lose a few elections, we lost our way.
Mike Pence - I'm a Christian, a conservative, and a Republican, in that order.
Mike Pence - Human cloning is coming.
Mike Pence - It's time for conservative Americans to right the ship again.
Mike Pence - It's time for conservative Americans to do what Reagan did.
Mike Pence - The Patriot Act is essential to our continued success in the war on terror here at home.
Mike Tyson - Everyone has a plan 'till they get punched in the mouth.
Mike Tyson - As long as we persevere and endure, we can get anything we want.
Mike Tyson - My biggest weakness is my sensitivity. I am too sensitive a person.
Mike Tyson - I don't understand why people would want to get rid of pigeons. They don't bother no one.
Mike Tyson - I ain't the same person I was when I bit that guy's ear off.
Mike Tyson - I just want to do what I do best, and that's fight. I love it.
Mike Tyson - You come home, and you party. But after that, you get a hangover. Everything about that is negative.
Mike Tyson - I feel like sometimes that I was not meant for this society.
Mike Tyson - I just want to conquer people and their souls.
Mike Tyson - When you see me smash somebody's skull, you enjoy it.
Mikhail Bakunin - Idealism is the despot of thought, just as politics is the despot of will.
Mikhail Bakunin - Where the state begins, individual liberty ceases, and vice versa.
Mikhail Bakunin - The passion for destruction is also a creative passion.
Mikhail Bakunin - Therefore, if God existed, only in one way could he serve human liberty - by ceasing to exist.
Mikhail Bakunin - If there is a State, then there is domination, and in turn, there is slavery.
Mikhail Bakunin - I bow before the authority of special men because it is imposed upon me by my own reason.
Mikhail Bakunin - The freedom of all is essential to my freedom.
Mikhail Bakunin - Anyone who makes plans for after the revolution is a reactionary.
Mikhail Bakunin - From each according to his faculties; to each according to his needs.
Mikhail Bakunin - Everything will pass, and the world will perish but the Ninth Symphony will remain.
Mikhail Baryshnikov - I do not try to dance better than anyone else. I only try to dance better than myself.
Mikhail Baryshnikov - Your heart is very much connected to your mind.
Mikhail Baryshnikov - Dancers are made, not born.
Mikhail Baryshnikov - People of art should never get married and have children, because it's a selfish experience.
Mikhail Baryshnikov - I want to do exactly what I want to do. I'd rather gamble on the box office than beg for a grant.
Mikhail Baryshnikov - I like to make my own mistakes.
Mikhail Baryshnikov - The essence of all art is to have pleasure in giving pleasure.
Mikhail Baryshnikov - The more injuries you get, the smarter you get.
Mikhail Baryshnikov - I feel very uneasy with a lot of aspects of the Russian life and the Russian people.
Mikhail Baryshnikov - No dancer can watch Fred Astaire and not know that we all should have been in another business.
Mikhail Gorbachev - If not me, who? And if not now, when?
Mikhail Gorbachev - The world will not accept dictatorship or domination.
Mikhail Gorbachev - If what you have done yesterday still looks big to you, you haven't done much today.
Mikhail Gorbachev - If people don't like Marxism, they should blame the British Museum.
Mikhail Gorbachev - I paid too heavy a price for perestroika.
Mikhail Gorbachev - What we need is Star Peace and not Star Wars.
Mikhail Gorbachev - Sometimes when you stand face to face with someone, you cannot see his face.
Mikhail Gorbachev - Jesus was the first socialist, the first to seek a better life for mankind.
Mikhail Gorbachev - More socialism means more democracy, openness and collectivism in everyday life.
Mikhail Gorbachev - Democracy must learn to defend itself.
Milan Kundera - Business has only two functions - marketing and innovation.
Milan Kundera - Listening to a news broadcast is like smoking a cigarette and crushing the butt in the ashtray.
Milan Kundera - Dogs are our link to paradise. They don't know evil or jealousy or discontent.
Milan Kundera - Culture is perishing in overproduction, in an avalanche of words, in the madness of quantity.
Milan Kundera - Ambition is a poor excuse for not having sense enough to be lazy.
Milan Kundera - He took over anger to intimidate subordinates, and in time anger took over him.
Milan Kundera - How goodness heightens beauty!
Milan Kundera - All great novels, all true novels, are bisexual.
Milan Kundera - Optimism is the opium of the people.
Milan Kundera - No matter how much we scorn it, kitsch is an integral part of the human condition.
Miley Cyrus - Life is all about having a good time.
Miley Cyrus - Anyone that hates on you is always below you, because they're just jealous of what you have.
Miley Cyrus - If you believe in yourself anything is possible.
Miley Cyrus - Pink isn't just a color, it's an attitude!
Miley Cyrus - I think that turning on the charm without being fake is really important.
Miley Cyrus - People like controversy because that's what sells.
Miley Cyrus - I am not very good at keeping secrets at all! If you want your secret kept do not tell me!
Miley Cyrus - I love to sleep. I'd sleep all day if I could.
Miley Cyrus - I need more friends. It's kind of like my quest right now just to have more true friends.
Miley Cyrus - I think my dad is a lot cooler than other dads. He still acts like he's still 17.
Millie Bobby Brown - It makes so much sense to just love what you do and go to work every day to get to get to work.
Millie Bobby Brown - Working, for me, is like a gift.
Millie Bobby Brown - I have two hands: one for me, one for other people.
Millie Bobby Brown - I'm keeping the pixie. I hope I inspire people... it's really cool to have short hair.
Millie Bobby Brown - At the end of the day, I just do my job. I love my art.
Millie Bobby Brown - I'm very generous, and I really want people to see that I am - that's really it.
Millie Bobby Brown - I'm really small, so I think if I shrink, I'd turn into a puddle.
Millie Bobby Brown - I write many essays on whales. I love whales, especially orcas. And dolphins.
Millie Bobby Brown - With my platform, anyway, I want to try and do good things and want to help people.
Millie Bobby Brown - I never liked sleeping in the dark. I have, like, twinkle stars around my bed, so it's not so bad.
Milo Yiannopoulos - I care about facts. I don't care about your feelings.
Milo Yiannopoulos - Behind every racist joke is a scientific fact.
Milo Yiannopoulos - Feminism is cancer.
Milo Yiannopoulos - Feminism is like any female-dominated group - a perpetual catfight.
Milo Yiannopoulos - I don't see it as a bad thing that I surround myself with edgy people. Because they're interesting.
Milo Yiannopoulos - I love myself. I am the best person I know.
Milo Yiannopoulos - Calvin Coolidge was one of the best presidents. Why? Because he did absolutely nothing.
Milo Yiannopoulos - I want to crack jokes about people. That is my right.
Milo Yiannopoulos - I like to think of myself as a virtuous troll.
Milo Yiannopoulos - I do say things in a way that is going to elicit a response from people.
Milton Berle - If opportunity doesn't knock, build a door.
Milton Berle - Laughter is an instant vacation.
Milton Berle - You can lead a man to Congress, but you can't make him think.
Milton Berle - Poverty is not a disgrace, but it's terribly inconvenient.
Milton Berle - If evolution really works, how come mothers only have two hands?
Milton Berle - I just filled out my income tax forms. Who says you can't get killed by a blank?
Milton Berle - Experience is what you have after you've forgotten her name.
Milton Berle - A committee is a group that keeps minutes and loses hours.
Milton Berle - We owe a lot to Thomas Edison - if it wasn't for him, we'd be watching television by candlelight.
Milton Berle - Money can't buy you happiness, but it helps you look for it in a lot more places.
Milton Friedman - There's no such thing as a free lunch.
Milton Friedman - Underlying most arguments against the free market is a lack of belief in freedom itself.
Milton Friedman - The government solution to a problem is usually as bad as the problem.
Milton Friedman - Hell hath no fury like a bureaucrat scorned.
Milton Friedman - Concentrated power is not rendered harmless by the good intentions of those who create it.
Milton Friedman - Columbus did not seek a new route to the Indies in response to a majority directive.
Milton Friedman - Inflation is taxation without legislation.
Milton Friedman - The only relevant test of the validity of a hypothesis is comparison of prediction with experience.
Milton Friedman - We have a system that increasingly taxes work and subsidizes nonwork.
Milton Friedman - Governments never learn. Only people learn.
Minna Antrim - A beautiful woman delights the eye; a wise woman, the understanding; a pure one, the soul.
Minna Antrim - Between flattery and admiration there often flows a river of contempt.
Minna Antrim - Experience is a good teacher, but she sends in terrific bills.
Minna Antrim - The drama of life begins with a wail and ends with a sigh.
Minna Antrim - The difference between a saint and a hypocrite is that one lies for his religion, the other by it.
Minna Antrim - To be loved is to be fortunate, but to be hated is to achieve distinction.
Minna Antrim - A fool bolts pleasure, then complains of moral indigestion.
Minna Antrim - A homely face and no figure have aided many women heavenward.
Minna Antrim - Love often wears a mask in order to test loyalty.
Minna Antrim - Intuition is truly a feminine quality, but women should not mistake rash conclusions for this gift.
Miranda Kerr - I really love a red lip, especially when I am feeling tired, as it brightens my whole face.
Miranda Kerr - I live by the 80/20 rule: I'm 80 percent healthy, and then 20 percent indulgent.
Miranda Kerr - I really feel that my body craves to be in the mountains or by the ocean or in the countryside.
Miranda Kerr - I always see myself as, like, equal to everyone.
Miranda Kerr - I have a weird sense of humour. My dad's the same. We love watching 'Monty Python' together.
Miranda Kerr - I believe in celebrating the female figure and embracing what we've been given, not hiding that.
Miranda Kerr - I love going for walks and like to do fun active things outdoors.
Miranda Kerr - Some sunshine is good for the soul, but I always make sure I wear a big hat.
Miranda Kerr - I collect underwear from my travels. Lace, lingerie, bodysuits... they're like souvenirs.
Miranda Kerr - To wake up to the sound of my son saying 'Mama, mama!' It's the best sound ever.
Miriam Margolyes - I want a comfortable old age and to be looked after - I have arthritis - and money is a factor.
Miriam Margolyes - I don't have a very positive attitude towards rappers.
Miriam Margolyes - Unfortunately, I don't know many black people.
Miriam Margolyes - I think all actors get scared because we're frightened to disappoint.
Miriam Margolyes - I may have a talent for acting, but I am incapable of doing anything else.
Miriam Margolyes - The first piece of property that I bought was in Tuscany in 1973.
Miriam Margolyes - Old people have a much better time in India because they're respected.
Miriam Margolyes - I have a class prejudice - against the upper class, which is foolish.
Miriam Margolyes - If I could give my younger self one piece of advice, I would say, 'Lose weight.'
Miriam Margolyes - I'm going to be 75 in May. How can I have lived this long and not know anything?
Missy Elliott - I mean, when it's time to rhyme rhyme, I can get down for mine.
Missy Elliott - I didn't want to be a genius! That ain't cool.
Missy Elliott - Everybody is doing the same old thing.
Missy Elliott - Hip-hop is definitely not what it used to be, which was creative, original music.
Missy Elliott - Now everybody's sampling.
Missy Elliott - Music should be your escape.
Missy Elliott - I'm not a person that's walkin' down the street looking mean all day.
Missy Elliott - I got a mother who's very strong after taking the whippings that she took from my father.
Missy Elliott - I love my mother. She's my first love. She has been through a lot and is a sole survivor.
Missy Elliott - The double chin's not good for the red carpet.
Misty Copeland - More often than we realize, people see in us what we don't see in ourselves.
Misty Copeland - I feel like with 'On the Town,' it was the perfect production and the perfect opportunity.
Misty Copeland - To be empathetic to everyone around you, I think, is such a powerful thing to hold.
Misty Copeland - Ballet was so structured. I'd been craving something that could guide me.
Misty Copeland - Every time I dance, I'm trying to prove myself to myself.
Misty Copeland - I've gotten nothing but warmth from the Black community and positive feedback.
Misty Copeland - My childhood is a part of my story, and it's why I'm who I am today and why my career is what it is.
Misty Copeland - I was definitely a late bloomer and didn't really come into my own until I was probably in my 20s.
Misty Copeland - I had always been proud of my body - its strength and grace enabled me to pursue my passions.
Misty Copeland - Finding ballet was like finding this missing piece of myself.
Mitt Romney - Leadership - leadership is about taking responsibility, not making excuses.
Mitt Romney - I'm a pretty analytical guy, all right?
Mitt Romney - Education is the investment our generation makes in the future.
Mitt Romney - When sperm and egg unite, something goes from inanimate to animate. It is life.
Mitt Romney - The invisible hand of the market always moves faster and better than the heavy hand of government.
Mitt Romney - It's time for the party of big ideas, not the party of Big Brother!
Mitt Romney - My dad had been born in Mexico and his family had to leave during the Mexican revolution.
Mitt Romney - Obamacare was very attractive, particularly to those without health insurance.
Mitt Romney - I don't look back. I look forward.
Mitt Romney - I have a PC. My sons have a Mac and swear by it, but I have a couple PC's.
Mo Farah - There is so much to discover in Dubai.
Mo Farah - What drives me is winning medals and going out there and enjoying it.
Mo Farah - This picture has been painted of me. It's not right. I am 100% clean.
Mo Farah - I love what I do. I want to continue winning medals.
Mo Farah - On the track, you know what you're capable of, but being at the birth, you have no control.
Mo Farah - I'm probably a lot more closer in the 1500m to the world record than I am in the 5000m.
Mo Farah - The coach is the boss at the end of the day. I do whatever he tells me and don't ask questions.
Mo Farah - What do you want to be? If you don't put the work in, you're not going to be able to be it.
Mo Farah - I always learn something from every race.
Mo Farah - I am just grateful I have a British passport and a country here.
Moby - If I was a sex symbol, I would be getting laid a lot more than I am now.
Moby - I still never get recognized. Small, bald white guys like myself - we all kind of look the same.
Moby - I'm like a monk with a taste for hookers.
Moby - But at the same time, I don't let myself regret things to the point that I'm paralyzed.
Moby - I find myself for whatever reason unable to live in the apartment I renovate and have to sell.
Moby - I buy things with the best of intention of living in them and then life intercedes.
Moby - I was on food stamps until I was 18 and became an adult.
Moby - I'd much rather go to a Banksy art show than a Moby art show. My art is painfully naive.
Moby - The truth is that genetics has robbed me of hair. But it's not interesting to blame genetics.
Moby - In a perfect world, I would be 6-foot-3 and have a perfect head of hair and look like Orlando Bloom.
Mohammed Saeed al-Sahaf - There is no presence of American infidels in the city of Baghdad.
Mohammed Saeed al-Sahaf - They are superpower of villains. They are superpower of Al Capone.
Mohammed Saeed al-Sahaf - Yesterday, we slaughtered them and we will continue to slaughter them.
Mohammed Saeed al-Sahaf - Our initial assessment is that they will all die.
Mohammed Saeed al-Sahaf - We will push those crooks, those mercenaries back into the swamp.
Mohammed Saeed al-Sahaf - We butchered the force present at the airport, we are destroying them.
Mohammed Saeed al-Sahaf - Today, the tide has turned, we are destroying them.
Mohammed Saeed al-Sahaf - The United Nations is a place for prostitution under the feet of Americans.
Mohammed Saeed al-Sahaf - There are no American infidels in Baghdad. Never!
Mohammed Saeed al-Sahaf - We will welcome them with bullets and shoes.
Moliere - The trees that are slow to grow bear the best fruit.
Moliere - The greater the obstacle, the more glory in overcoming it.
Moliere - One should eat to live, not live to eat.
Moliere - I live on good soup, not on fine words.
Moliere - The duty of comedy is to correct men by amusing them.
Moliere - There are pretenders to piety as well as to courage.
Moliere - Perfect reason flees all extremity, and leads one to be wise with sobriety.
Moliere - Of all the noises known to man, opera is the most expensive.
Moliere - If you suppress grief too much, it can well redouble.
Moliere - It is not only for what we do that we are held responsible, but also for what we do not do.
Molly Ivins - Satire is traditionally the weapon of the powerless against the powerful.
Molly Ivins - I've always found it easier to be funny than to be serious.
Molly Ivins - Good thing we've still got politics in Texas - finest form of free entertainment ever invented.
Molly Ivins - Many a time freedom has been rolled back - and always for the same sorry reason: fear.
Molly Ivins - You can't ignore politics, no matter how much you'd like to.
Molly Ivins - Being slightly paranoid is like being slightly pregnant - it tends to get worse.
Molly Ivins - I believe in practicing prudence at least once every two or three years.
Molly Ivins - I believe that ignorance is the root of all evil. And that no one knows the truth.
Molly Ivins - I never saw anything funnier than Texas politics.
Molly Ivins - The stakes they play for in politics are paper and money. The chips they play with are your life.
Monica Bellucci - We all need illusions. That's why we love movies.
Monica Bellucci - When I eat with my friends, it is a moment of real pleasure, when I really enjoy my life.
Monica Bellucci - Time destroys everything.
Monica Bellucci - I feel fine and comfortable with myself, but not because I'm beautiful.
Monica Bellucci - I'm a lucky person because I've been loved a lot. I have a great family.
Monica Bellucci - When a relationship doesn't work anymore, it's terrible to stay with someone that you don't love.
Monica Bellucci - Being an actress is the sublimation of feminity.
Monica Bellucci - If a man sees a woman with red lipstick, he admires her, but often he won't feel like kissing her.
Monica Bellucci - An actor works with their soul and their thought.
Monica Bellucci - Envy is human nature.
Morgan Freeman - The best way to guarantee a loss is to quit.
Morgan Freeman - As you grow in this business, you learn how to do more with less.
Morgan Freeman - I want to thank everybody and anybody who ever had anything to do with the making of this picture.
Morgan Freeman - I don't want a Black History Month. Black history is American history.
Morgan Freeman - Give me something interesting to play and I'm happy.
Morgan Freeman - This kid came up with Napster, and before that, none of us thought of content protection.
Morgan Freeman - I gravitate towards gravitas.
Morgan Freeman - People need to start to think about the messages that they send in the movies.
Morgan Freeman - Just that working with Clint again is like coming home.
Morgan Freeman - I like the blues a lot. I grew up on it.
Morihei Ueshiba - The purpose of training is to tighten up the slack, toughen the body, and polish the spirit.
Morihei Ueshiba - Failure is the key to success; each mistake teaches us something.
Morihei Ueshiba - Do not look upon this world with fear and loathing. Bravely face whatever the gods offer.
Morihei Ueshiba - Your spirit is the true shield.
Morihei Ueshiba - A good stance and posture reflect a proper state of mind.
Morihei Ueshiba - Life is growth. If we stop growing, technically and spiritually, we are as good as dead.
Morihei Ueshiba - All life is a manifestation of the spirit, the manifestation of love.
Morihei Ueshiba - Create each day anew.
Morihei Ueshiba - Progress comes to those who train and train; reliance on secret techniques will get you nowhere.
Morihei Ueshiba - The divine is not something high above us. It is in heaven, it is in earth, it is inside us.
Morrissey - I'm cursed with the gift of foresight.
Morrissey - Life's full of tricky snakes and ladders.
Morrissey - I do think it's possible to go through life and never fall in love, or find someone who loves you.
Morrissey - Peru, Peru. My heart's lighthouse.
Morrissey - Long hair is an unpardonable offence which should be punishable by death.
Morrissey - Racism is beyond common sense and has no place in our society.
Morrissey - Artists aren't really people. And I'm actually 40 per cent papier mache.
Morrissey - Reggae is vile.
Morrissey - I would find the idea of compiling a setlist that doesn't wildly excite me to be too restricting.
Morrissey - The fire in the belly is essential, otherwise you become Michael Buble - famous and meaningless.
Mortimer Adler - Love without conversation is impossible.
Mortimer Adler - The telephone book is full of facts, but it doesn't contain a single idea.
Mortimer Adler - Not to engage in the pursuit of ideas is to live like ants instead of like men.
Mortimer Adler - Friendship is a very taxing and arduous form of leisure activity.
Mortimer Adler - Ultimately, we wish the joy of perfect union with the person we love.
Mortimer Adler - Work is toil: what one does only to earn a living. If it gives pleasure, it is leisure.
Mortimer Adler - Unless we love and are loved, each of us is alone, each of us is deeply lonely.
Mortimer Adler - We love even when our love is not requited.
Mortimer Adler - Aristotle uses a mother's love for her child as the prime example of love or friendship.
Mortimer Adler - Love can be unselfish, in the sense of being benevolent and generous, without being selfless.
Mr. T - As a kid, I got three meals a day. Oatmeal, miss-a-meal and no meal.
Mr. T - I don't like magic - but I have been known to make guys disappear.
Mr. T - I believe in the Golden Rule - The Man with the Gold... Rules.
Mr. T - I don't worry. I don't doubt. I'm daring. I'm a rebel.
Mr. T - When I was growing up, my family was so poor we couldn't afford to pay attention.
Mr. T - You might not have the things you want, but if you check carefully, you got all you need.
Mr. T - I'm a Christian - I really don't believe in UFOs.
Mr. T - Obama's not Jesus. He can't walk on water.
Mr. T - Back in the day, I would wear up to 45 pounds of gold. It would take me four hours to get dressed!
Mr. T - Gold was a gift to Jesus. If it's good enough for Jesus, it's good enough for me!
Muhammad Iqbal - The ultimate aim of the ego is not to see something, but to be something.
Muhammad Iqbal - Nations are born in the hearts of poets, they prosper and die in the hands of politicians.
Muhammad Iqbal - Words, without power, is mere philosophy.
Muhammad Iqbal - Thou art not for the earth, nor for the Heaven the world is for thee, thou art not for the world.
Muhammad Iqbal - Sexual self-restraint is only a preliminary stage in the ego's evolution.
Muhammad Iqbal - Plants and minerals are bound to predestination. The faithful is only bound to the Divine orders.
Muhammad Iqbal - Divine life is in touch with the whole universe on the analogy of the soul's contact with the body.
Muhammad Iqbal - The thought of a limit to perceptual space and time staggers the mind.
Muhammad Iqbal - Islam is itself destiny and will not suffer destiny.
Muhammad Iqbal - The soul is neither inside nor outside the body; neither proximate to nor separate from it.
Murray Walker - Anything happens in Grand Prix racing, and it usually does.
Murray Walker - You can cut the tension with a cricket stump.
Murray Walker - IF is a very long word in Formula One; in fact, IF is F1 spelled backwards.
Murray Walker - And now, excuse me while I interrupt myself.
Murray Walker - Even in five years time, he will still be four years younger than Damon Hill.
Murray Walker - I don't make mistakes. I make prophecies which immediately turn out to be wrong.
Murray Walker - I should imagine that the conditions in the cockpit are totally unimaginable.
Murray Walker - The lead car is unique, except for the one behind it which is identical.
Murray Walker - This circuit is interesting because it has inclines and declines. Not just up, but down as well.
Murray Walker - Well, now we have exactly the same situation as at the beginning of the race, only exactly opposite.
N. R. Narayana Murthy - Nobody is bothered about an institution more than its alumni.
N. R. Narayana Murthy - A great leader also has the ability to make people an inch taller in his presence.
N. R. Narayana Murthy - Entrepreneurship is all about deferred gratification.
N. R. Narayana Murthy - I have always looked at my competencies before accepting any responsibility.
N. R. Narayana Murthy - If England became a world power, it was because of the industrial revolution.
N. R. Narayana Murthy - Science is about unravelling nature.
N. R. Narayana Murthy - You need to mesh the voices of people with expertise and meritocracy.
N. R. Narayana Murthy - Today, the biggest bottleneck to the growth of a corporation is availability of good talent.
N. R. Narayana Murthy - I've always enjoyed mathematics. It is the most precise and concise way of expressing any idea.
N. R. Narayana Murthy - I am a man in a hurry.
Nadia Comaneci - Hard work has made it easy. That is my secret. That is why I win.
Nadia Comaneci - One of the most difficult times in my life was when I escaped from Romania in November of 1989.
Nadia Comaneci - It's very hard to get to the top. It's hardest to stay at the top.
Nadia Comaneci - You should also appreciate the goodness around you, and surround yourself with positive people.
Nadia Comaneci - I worked hard in gymnastics since the time I was six years old until I retired at 23 years of age.
Nadia Comaneci - My parents were very loving, but disciplinarians.
Nadia Comaneci - My marriage to my husband, Bart Conner in 1996 is my proudest personal moment.
Nadia Comaneci - Everything I do today is because of what I did when I was 14.
Nadia Comaneci - I thought I was going to retire at 20, and I was going to be a surgeon.
Nadia Comaneci - I come from a wonderful country with wonderful people.
Nadine Gordimer - A desert is a place without expectation.
Nadine Gordimer - Time is change; we measure its passing by how much things alter.
Nadine Gordimer - A child understands fear, and the hurt and hate it brings.
Nadine Gordimer - Responsibility is what awaits outside the Eden of Creativity.
Nadine Gordimer - Truth isn't always beauty, but the hunger for it is.
Nadine Gordimer - Power is something of which I am convinced there is no innocence this side of the womb.
Nadine Gordimer - There is no moral authority like that of sacrifice.
Nadine Gordimer - The facts are always less than what really happened.
Nadine Gordimer - I cannot live with someone who can't live without me.
Nadine Gordimer - People give one another things that can't be gift wrapped.
Naftali Bennett - I myself am a former commando fighter.
Naftali Bennett - The Land of Israel goes with the Torah of Israel under the sovereignty of the State of Israel.
Naftali Bennett - Netanyahu supports - and he truly does support - building a Palestinian state within Israel.
Naftali Bennett - I think people appreciate honesty.
Naftali Bennett - When you negotiate with terrorists, you get more terror.
Naftali Bennett - The Palestinian Authority has become the biggest terror body in the world.
Naftali Bennett - I spent most of my career in hi tech, not in politics.
Naftali Bennett - I want the world to understand that a Palestinian state means no Israeli state. That's the equation.
Naftali Bennett - If you want to change things, it requires bravery.
Naftali Bennett - I myself have felt the wrath of the media, but that's part of what a good democracy is.
Naguib Mahfouz - God did not intend religion to be an exercise club.
Naguib Mahfouz - The criminal is trying to solve his immediate problems.
Naguib Mahfouz - Today's interpretations of religion are often backward and contradict the needs of civilization.
Naguib Mahfouz - Events at home, at work, in the street - these are the bases for a story.
Naguib Mahfouz - I was a government employee in the morning and a writer in the evening.
Naguib Mahfouz - If we reject science, we reject the common man.
Naguib Mahfouz - My wife thought I deserved it, but I always thought the Nobel a Western prize.
Naguib Mahfouz - The Koran and the laws of all civilized nations legislate against the vilification of religions.
Naguib Mahfouz - If the urge to write should ever leave me, I want that day to be my last.
Naguib Mahfouz - At my age it is unseemly to be pessimistic.
Najat Vallaud-Belkacem - People can't even imagine that it's possible to succeed anymore.
Najat Vallaud-Belkacem - Some Muslim students experience secularism as an act of aggression.
Najat Vallaud-Belkacem - Compared to some of our neighbours, it's not frowned upon to be a mother and work in France.
Najat Vallaud-Belkacem - Equality in education is my number one battle.
Najat Vallaud-Belkacem - It is not just family that must transmit values, but school also.
Najat Vallaud-Belkacem - I was very shy and reserved, so it was a bit contradictory to get into politics.
Najat Vallaud-Belkacem - The education ministry files suit every time there is a case of identity fraud.
Najat Vallaud-Belkacem - My dream of society is a society where women are free and proud of their bodies.
Najat Vallaud-Belkacem - Reading changes your perspective and feeds your imagination.
Najat Vallaud-Belkacem - There is no link between the terror attacks of Daesh and the dress of a woman on the beach.
Najib Razak - The world is changing quickly and we must be ready to change with it or risk being left behind.
Najib Razak - Prostitution and corruption are two things that mankind has had to live with for so long.
Najib Razak - My priority is to ensure peace and harmony in Malaysia. That is uppermost in my mind.
Najib Razak - You must make sure that the majority of the people are not marginalized.
Najib Razak - The word 'change' has been abused so many times.
Najib Razak - Detention without trial is history in Malaysia.
Najib Razak - We can transform the government and the economy, as well as democracy, in Malaysia.
Najib Razak - The disappearance of MH370 has tested our collective resolve.
Najib Razak - We have lost a lot of ground to the extremists in the Middle East.
Najib Razak - As you know with the Arab Spring, there were no dividends.
Namie Amuro - My popularity plunged three years ago and I didn't try to court publicity.
Namie Amuro - Up until now, I had ideas that I wanted to try but didn't have the opportunity to do them.
Namie Amuro - Simply, there are many things I would like to do.
Namie Amuro - From my debut until now, I've always wanted to sing and dance.
Namie Amuro - Now, on nights that I can't sleep, I play video games alone until the morning.
Namie Amuro - Even where friendship is concerned, it takes me a long time to trust people.
Namie Amuro - Even my closest friend said I was finished, but I think I may be a little different from the others.
Namie Amuro - I came back to do a live concert. Nobody had done that before and I know my managers were worried.
Namie Amuro - I stopped caring what people thought.
Namie Amuro - When I was younger, there was a huge gap between what I wanted to do and what I could do as an idol.
Nancy Astor - One reason why I don't drink is because I wish to know when I am having a good time.
Nancy Astor - The only thing I like about rich people is their money.
Nancy Astor - I married beneath me, all women do.
Nancy Astor - The main dangers in this life are the people who want to change everything... or nothing.
Nancy Astor - Women have got to make the world safe for men since men have made it so darned unsafe for women.
Nancy Astor - The penalty of success is to be bored by people who used to snub you.
Nancy Astor - The first time Adam had a chance, he laid the blame on women.
Nancy Astor - I refuse to admit that I am more than fifty-two, even if that does make my sons illegitimate.
Nancy Astor - My vigor, vitality and cheek repel me. I am the kind of woman I would run from.
Nancy Astor - Pioneers may be picturesque figures, but they are often rather lonely ones.
Nancy Gibbs - Power is a tool, influence is a skill; one is a fist, the other a fingertip.
Nancy Gibbs - A typical smart phone has more computing power than Apollo 11 when it landed a man on the moon.
Nancy Gibbs - It's always been a luxury to be able to hop a plane to Paris, to Venice, to the Grand Canyon.
Nancy Gibbs - Sometimes justice is at its most merciful when it's blind.
Nancy Gibbs - All wars, even the noblest, bring a reckoning of means and ends.
Nancy Gibbs - Making distinctions is part of learning. So is making mistakes.
Nancy Gibbs - Hillary Clinton wants to leave behind No Child Left Behind.
Nancy Gibbs - Harriet Tubman and Sojourner Truth were slaves by birth, freedom fighters by temperament.
Nancy Gibbs - Time is valuable; people are busy.
Nancy Gibbs - It's funny how things change slowly, until the day we realize they've changed completely.
Nancy Grace - I think the truth is black-and-white.
Nancy Grace - I have 'To Kill A Mockingbird' signed by Harper Lee. That is my prized possession.
Nancy Grace - Look, the justice system is made up of people. People have faults. It's not perfect.
Nancy Grace - If I listened to my critics, I would still be at home under my bed right now.
Nancy Grace - I majored in Shakespearean studies at a very tiny school in Georgia.
Nancy Grace - My father was a railroad man his entire life; 43 years for Southern Railroad.
Nancy Grace - It's hard for me to believe someone could harm a child.
Nancy Grace - What joy would I get from putting the wrong person behind bars?
Nancy Grace - I do not favor the gag order.
Nancy Grace - I don't really want to have any part of getting guilty people off.
Nancy Pelosi - Don't underestimate your opponent, but don't overestimate them, either.
Nancy Pelosi - The impact of climate change is a tremendous risk to the security and well-being of our countries.
Nancy Pelosi - If you don't vote, you don't count.
Nancy Pelosi - I don't care how popular I am. I'm not putting myself out there to run for higher office.
Nancy Pelosi - Americans deserve a better tomorrow, today.
Nancy Pelosi - America must be a light to the world, not just a missile.
Nancy Pelosi - Every month that we do not have an economic recovery package 500 million Americans lose their jobs.
Nancy Pelosi - We in Congress stand by Israel. In Congress, we speak with one voice on the subject of Israel.
Nancy Pelosi - Jobs are central to the American dream - and President Obama has focused on jobs from day one.
Nancy Pelosi - The American dream is about freedom.
Nancy Reagan - I don't intend for this to take on a political tone. I'm just here for the drugs.
Nancy Reagan - I am a big believer that eventually everything comes back to you. You get back what you give out.
Nancy Reagan - I must say acting was good training for the political life which lay ahead for us.
Nancy Reagan - As I've said before, time is short, and life is precious.
Nancy Reagan - It is true that when you're in the White House alone, it is a lonely place. Big and lonely.
Nancy Reagan - I have been very happy with my homes, but homes really are no more than the people who live in them.
Nancy Reagan - My life really began when I married my husband.
Nancy Reagan - The movies were custard compared to politics.
Nancy Reagan - I've had quite a life, when you stop and think about it.
Nancy Reagan - Feminism is the ability to choose what you want to do.
Naomi Campbell - My features are completely ethnic.
Naomi Campbell - Everyone has a temper. A temper is an emotion.
Naomi Campbell - I live my life day by day, and that's how I continue to live it.
Naomi Campbell - I don't think I was born beautiful. I just think I was born me.
Naomi Campbell - I work very hard and I'm worth every cent.
Naomi Campbell - The worst was when my skirt fell down to my ankles, but I had on thick tights underneath.
Naomi Campbell - After Versace was murdered, the first person to call me was Mandela.
Naomi Campbell - Children are our future we must take care of them with maximum effort.
Naomi Campbell - I have no regrets. I've got my health.
Naomi Campbell - I make a lot of money, but I don't want to talk about that.
Naomi Judd - Solitude is creativity's best friend, and solitude is refreshment for our souls.
Naomi Judd - There are many paths but only one journey.
Naomi Judd - Your body hears everything your mind says.
Naomi Judd - A dead end street is a good place to turn around.
Naomi Judd - We're spirited and spiritual... and fun follows us around.
Naomi Judd - Change is the one thing we can be sure of.
Naomi Judd - You shouldn't be ashamed of your pain. You have the right to have your pain treated.
Naomi Judd - I'm a communicator.
Naomi Judd - I grew up in a family of secrets; there was a lot of pathology in the family.
Naomi Judd - I'm a darned good listener.
Naomi Watts - Pain is such an important thing in life. I think that as an artist you have to experience suffering.
Naomi Watts - I always love being in the company of women. It's all about good conversation and great wine.
Naomi Watts - When I had dark hair I definitely felt that I was more anonymous.
Naomi Watts - You have to make peace with yourself. The key is to find the harmony in what you have.
Naomi Watts - I wish I'd started having kids sooner so I could have had a few more.
Naomi Watts - Maybe in the workplace I have more courage than other areas in my life.
Naomi Watts - Oh, I'm definitely a wild child.
Naomi Watts - I know it's silly, but I still think I'm 28.
Naomi Watts - As much as my kids keep me young, they also have the reverse effect when I don't have the energy.
Naomi Watts - Some movies are the kind you take home with you at the end of the day, and some, you can let go.
Naomie Harris - You don't need to follow trends to be stylish.
Naomie Harris - I have many different sides; I can be the life and soul of the party - or a wallflower.
Naomie Harris - As a society we should be encouraging people out of the debt-culture mindset, not promoting it.
Naomie Harris - I was brought up in Britain, and I'm very proud of my Britishness and my culture.
Naomie Harris - Kids should be naughty and go through that rebellious phase I didn't have.
Naomie Harris - I'm not the greatest driver. I don't know if I'll ever master the art.
Naomie Harris - Your boss is only human and just wants the best from you.
Naomie Harris - My mum believes in me almost more than I believe in myself.
Naomie Harris - I was too much of an innocent when I went to university.
Naomie Harris - I think there's nothing more amazing than helping people every day.
Narendra Modi - I don't carry the burden of the past or the madness of the future. I live in the present.
Narendra Modi - People's blessings give you the power to work tirelessly. The only thing required is commitment.
Narendra Modi - I found that the corridors of power in Delhi were littered with lobbies of various kinds.
Narendra Modi - I have always believed in evolving a consensus before taking any major decision.
Narendra Modi - I can say that out of 365 days, I manage to do yoga on at least 300 days.
Narendra Modi - It is my absolute belief that Indians have unlimited talent. I have no doubt about our capabilities.
Narendra Modi - My mother is not educated but keeps in touch with world events through news on TV.
Narendra Modi - We must ensure that technology is accessible, affordable, and adds value.
Narendra Modi - I have worked hard since my childhood and worked as a labourer. I put my mind and heart into it.
Narendra Modi - Before I became a chief minister, I never thought that one day I'd be the chief minister.
Nargis Fakhri - I firmly believe that one of the best kept secrets to soft and glowing skin is moisturisation.
Nargis Fakhri - For me, fashion means dare. I don't mind wearing a bikini. I am okay with it.
Nargis Fakhri - You should never go on diet and must follow a healthy lifestyle.
Nargis Fakhri - I don't want to be known as an item dancer. I want to be known as an actress only.
Nargis Fakhri - Stereotyping of any race or culture is narrow-minded, and I can't wait to help break the shackles.
Nargis Fakhri - I crack jokes all the time. Even when I have a fight, I will make a joke, and people will laugh.
Nargis Fakhri - Hard work and dedication is important to success, and I have those qualities.
Nargis Fakhri - Don't be surprised if you find me doing some charity work in another country.
Nargis Fakhri - You need to train your brain to be positive.
Nargis Fakhri - I don't think anyone could play me. It would have to be me.
Nassim Nicholas Taleb - The people I go after are the false experts, those who do not accept the limits of their knowledge.
Nassim Nicholas Taleb - I have never had personal debt and never will.
Nassim Nicholas Taleb - Fragility is the quality of things that are vulnerable to volatility.
Nassim Nicholas Taleb - Most people are sceptical about the wrong things and gullible about the wrong things.
Nassim Nicholas Taleb - The world we live in is vastly different from the world we think we live in.
Nassim Nicholas Taleb - Poverty is clearly one source of emotional suffering, but there are others, like loneliness.
Nassim Nicholas Taleb - The grandchildren should not bear the debts of the grandparents.
Nassim Nicholas Taleb - You know, children philosophize more than adults - and they are critical of adults.
Nassim Nicholas Taleb - I hated school because I liked to daydream and the system tried to stop me from that.
Nassim Nicholas Taleb - I'm a private intellectual, not a public one.
Nat King Cole - People don't slip. Time catches up with them.
Nat King Cole - Critics don't buy records. They get 'em free.
Nat King Cole - Get me well so I can get on television and tell people to stop smoking.
Nat King Cole - I am an American citizen and feel I am entitled to the same rights as any other citizen.
Nat King Cole - If I could read it, I could play it.
Nat King Cole - It's not the people in the South who create racial problems - it's the people who are governing.
Nat King Cole - Only time, education and plenty of good schooling will make anti-segregation work.
Nat King Cole - Primarily I'm a meat man, although once in a while I toy with a few vegetables.
Nat King Cole - The people who know nothing about music are the ones always talking about it.
Nat King Cole - There's just one thing I can't figure out. My income tax!
Natalie Cole - My idols are Janis Joplin and Annie Lennox, who are neither of them from the typical pop culture.
Natalie Cole - I've had my share of doing things that I really wish I hadn't done.
Natalie Cole - I know that God has had my back, even when I was screwing up.
Natalie Cole - Losing people is dark, but some things you just have to accept.
Natalie Cole - I'm an ordinary person under extraordinary circumstances.
Natalie Cole - When you reach 50, what you care about is being honest, being accurate, and being an example.
Natalie Cole - I think that I sound a lot better than Diana Ross.
Natalie Cole - I have been to hell and back. I have seen the edge. I have seen the dark side of life.
Natalie Cole - I have been on dialysis in Istanbul, Milan, Indonesia, Manila, London. It's - it's amazing.
Natalie Cole - Life is such a gift, I just say thank you all day.
Natalie Dormer - I did every job under the sun from bartending to ushering to temping.
Natalie Dormer - The Gili Islands gave me some of my best scuba diving experiences, including tons of turtles.
Natalie Dormer - It really bugs me the way people criticise how actors look. We're not models. Models exist.
Natalie Dormer - I want to keep people guessing.
Natalie Dormer - You'd have to be an idiot to say no to 'Hunger Games.'
Natalie Dormer - Sometimes a woman's looks or sensuality are too readily wrapped up in their power.
Natalie Dormer - Long skirts are annoying; they get in the way.
Natalie Dormer - If there's 'game' in the title, I'm there! Ready to play!
Natalie Dormer - I love cycling.
Natalie Dormer - I've taken my clothes off enough in my career.
Natalie Imbruglia - I'm such a chameleon. I never get bored.
Natalie Imbruglia - I am such a bad liar. I would like to lie, though.
Natalie Imbruglia - I like the idea of growing old gracefully and full of wrinkles... like Audrey Hepburn.
Natalie Imbruglia - I'm not a nightclub person, but you need to have a social life sometimes.
Natalie Imbruglia - I seem to have very polite fans, not fanatical ones.
Natalie Imbruglia - Enjoy every moment: you never know when things might change.
Natalie Imbruglia - Isolation is a big part of songwriting.
Natalie Imbruglia - When I'm passionate about something, I just get excited.
Natalie Imbruglia - Happy songs are very difficult to write. How many truly great upbeat songs are there?
Natalie Imbruglia - You're only as good as your last record and you could get dropped.
Natalie Massenet - When you love something, it doesn't feel like work.
Natalie Massenet - I believe all positive things and negative things are valuable because they shape you.
Natalie Massenet - I'm an accidental entrepreneur.
Natalie Massenet - Work means independence. It allowed me to shape my life on so many levels.
Natalie Massenet - I attended private Catholic schools in Paris and Los Angeles through high school.
Natalie Massenet - If you want success, be unique.
Natalie Massenet - Even if I am predisposed to shop online, I see bricks and mortar as part of marketing.
Natalie Massenet - Britain has the most creative, dynamic and nimble fashion industry in the world.
Natalie Massenet - Bling is good.
Natalie Massenet - My father always had people around the house who were famous psychics.
Natalie Portman - Jasmine is just the most delicate and beautiful scent.
Natalie Portman - I'm pretty hard on myself in general.
Natalie Portman - If you're an actress or a musician, everyone thinks you're hot.
Natalie Portman - Going to a party, for me, is as much a learning experience as, you know, sitting in a lecture.
Natalie Portman - I am not someone who sacrifice all for the cinema, my life will be always more important.
Natalie Portman - I'm a Gemini, so I change my mind every day.
Natalie Portman - Everyone dreams of living in Paris.
Natalie Portman - I speak fluent Hebrew and even dream in Hebrew when we visit there, once or twice a year.
Natalie Portman - I loved school so much that most of my classmates considered me a dork.
Natalie Portman - Smart women love smart men more than smart men love smart women.
Natalie Wood - The only time a woman really succeeds in changing a man is when he is a baby.
Natalie Wood - Not even analysis, by itself, can transform you. You must still do the changing yourself.
Natalie Wood - I was so overprotected, I used to think I was as delicate as people said I was.
Natalie Wood - I never knew motherhood could be so truly gratifying until I had Natasha.
Natalie Wood - I never saw film stars at home. We had no maid, no cook, no swimming pool.
Natalie Wood - I couldn't even go to the bathroom alone. My mother or a social worker always went with me.
Natalie Wood - We were descended from royalty.
Natalie Wood - We all wanted to copy Vivien Leigh.
Natalie Wood - Warren and I are friends, but working with him had been difficult.
Natalie Wood - There are certain stars who are not actors. I don't want to be that type.
Natasha Lyonne - It's a wild thing, that people have the ability to help each other by just relating to one another.
Natasha Lyonne - I have a theory that self-made, first-generation actresses don't feel entitled to success.
Natasha Lyonne - I'm not someone who went to acting school - I was just out of the gate, doing it.
Natasha Lyonne - I don't really feel like I need to be a teenager ever again.
Natasha Lyonne - Beauty was never really my trip. Maybe those roles are attracted to me?
Natasha Lyonne - My hair is such a statement that it's like a neon sign asking for trouble.
Natasha Lyonne - I would love to option 'Crying of Lot 49' and turn it into a movie.
Natasha Lyonne - From the first instant I met her, I wanted to be Nora Ephron. I just really wanted to please her.
Natasha Lyonne - Let's face it. I'm an open book.
Natasha Lyonne - I always see the absurdity in most situations. It's my experience of how life works.
Nate Berkus - I hate sets. I've always hated sets. I think that if you have a dining room set, break it up!
Nate Berkus - I love linen in soothing colors for any room in the house.
Nate Berkus - Mixing in some rusty oranges is a warm way to update your place for fall.
Nate Berkus - I live in a beautiful vintage building that was built in the heart of downtown Chicago.
Nate Berkus - In a modern loft, you can't just fill a space with furniture. Each piece has to be perfect.
Nate Berkus - In a minimal interior, what you don't do is as important as what you do.
Nate Berkus - Layering in different patterns will keep things from appearing too studied.
Nate Berkus - Books are the heart of any home, and I spend hours going through books for design inspiration.
Nate Berkus - I think I was the only kid on the block who knew about furniture scale by the time I was 8.
Nate Berkus - As a kid, I think I rearranged the rooms of almost every house on the block.
Nate Diaz - Me calling out Roy Jones is disrespectful.
Nate Diaz - I've never paid taxes in my life, so I'm probably going to jail.
Nate Diaz - I don't love to fight; I don't want to fight.
Nate Diaz - I don't come and fight for fun. I don't do that. I don't like to hurt people for fun.
Nate Diaz - I always took a fight; I always took everybody. I fought everybody.
Nate Diaz - If anybody's getting a shot, somebody's getting a shot against me because I'm the guy to beat.
Nate Diaz - If I had been thinking business since I was 21, I'd be a rich man right now.
Nate Diaz - I want to fight the best guy. I always want to fight the best guy.
Nate Diaz - I don't see a superstar out there. I don't see Georges St-Pierre coming back.
Nate Diaz - I never did steroids in my life. I know all the fighters; they are all on steroids.
Nate Silver - We must become more comfortable with probability and uncertainty.
Nate Silver - I have the same friends and the same bad habits.
Nate Silver - Distinguishing the signal from the noise requires both scientific knowledge and self-knowledge.
Nate Silver - If you aren't taking a representative sample, you won't get a representative snapshot.
Nate Silver - First of all, I think it's odd that people who cover politics wouldn't have any political views.
Nate Silver - Almost everyone's instinct is to be overconfident and read way too much into a hot or cold streak.
Nate Silver - I've just always been a bit of a dork.
Nate Silver - People gravitate toward information that implies a happier outlook for them.
Nate Silver - The public is even more pessimistic about the economy than even the most bearish economists are.
Nate Silver - People still don't appreciate how ephemeral success is.
Nathan Myhrvold - No CEO ever says, 'Damnit, we need to increase research!' I want to encourage them to do that.
Nathan Myhrvold - We have the only cookbook in the world that has partial differential equations in it.
Nathan Myhrvold - Age can be wonderful for red wine, but not for spacecraft.
Nathan Myhrvold - Making money from enforcing patents is no more wrong than investing in preferred stock.
Nathan Myhrvold - The dilemma for early 21st century journalism is this: Who will pay for the news?
Nathan Myhrvold - If I want popularity, I go to a chef's convention.
Nathan Myhrvold - If people don't find what you are doing threatening, then it is probably not very important.
Nathan Myhrvold - We should have more invention.
Nathan Myhrvold - Don't let the secret recipe die with the inventor.
Nathan Myhrvold - If you have a block of ballistics gelatin and a high-speed camera, pretty soon somebody gets a gun!
Nathaniel Hawthorne - Time flies over us, but leaves its shadow behind.
Nathaniel Hawthorne - Mountains are earth's undecaying monuments.
Nathaniel Hawthorne - We must not always talk in the market-place of what happens to us in the forest.
Nathaniel Hawthorne - You can get assent to almost any proposition so long as you are not going to do anything about it.
Nathaniel Hawthorne - Accuracy is the twin brother of honesty; inaccuracy, of dishonesty.
Nathaniel Hawthorne - Life is made up of marble and mud.
Nathaniel Hawthorne - Religion and art spring from the same root and are close kin. Economics and art are strangers.
Nathaniel Hawthorne - A pure hand needs no glove to cover it.
Nathaniel Hawthorne - Our most intimate friend is not he to whom we show the worst, but the best of our nature.
Nathaniel Hawthorne - Selfishness is one of the qualities apt to inspire love.
Nathaniel Philbrick - Whaling was the oil business of its day.
Nathaniel Philbrick - You know, if you're at home with children, you lose twenty-five IQ points.
Nathaniel Philbrick - To my mind, an adventure is something a person willingly undertakes.
Nathaniel Philbrick - Joseph Warren, like a lot of revolutionary leaders, was into Enlightenment literature.
Nathaniel Philbrick - As an author of narrative history, I read a lot of history books.
Nathaniel Philbrick - You cannot underestimate the influence of Shakespeare.
Nathaniel Philbrick - Even though I hadn't read a word of it, I grew up hating 'Moby-Dick.'
Nathaniel Philbrick - For me, the hardest thing in the world is how to start a book.
Nathaniel Philbrick - I'll watch anything, from action to art films.
Nathaniel Philbrick - Reading 'Moby-Dick' helps you discover how to live.
Naveen Jain - Stay focused on the mission.
Naveen Jain - It's really easy to create a $1 billion company - you just have to solve a $10 billion problem.
Naveen Jain - As fathers, we all have great lessons to teach our children.
Naveen Jain - I think it's time we all agree that gender stereotypes are simply the confabulation of our own mind.
Naveen Jain - Technology itself is neither good nor bad. People are good or bad.
Naveen Jain - If you know you are giving your best effort, you'll never have any reason for regrets.
Naveen Jain - As an entrepreneur, you only fail when you give up.
Naveen Jain - Call it the Tiger Mom effect: In the business world today, failure is apparently not an option.
Naveen Jain - Great entrepreneurs focus intensely on an opportunity where others see nothing.
Naveen Jain - Sometimes a faint voice based on instinct resonates far more strongly than overpowering logic.
Nawal El Saadawi - If you do not love yourself, well, you cannot do anything well, that's my philosophy.
Nawal El Saadawi - To me, 'beauty' means to be natural, creative, honest - to say the truth.
Nawal El Saadawi - I am very much against makeup and high heels and all that we inherit as 'beauty.'
Nawal El Saadawi - Unity is power; without unity women cannot fight for their rights anywhere.
Nawal El Saadawi - When we live in a world that is very unjust, you have to be a dissident.
Nawal El Saadawi - Plastic surgery is a postmodern veil.
Nawal El Saadawi - We here in Egypt are fed up with U.S. colonialism.
Nawal El Saadawi - In history, the millions win; that is democracy.
Nawal El Saadawi - You know, I look to myself mainly as a creative writer all my life and a medical doctor.
Nawal El Saadawi - My three husbands were afraid of me. I am a very powerful woman.
Nawazuddin Siddiqui - When someone is looking at me, I feel they are looking at someone standing behind me, not at me.
Nawazuddin Siddiqui - I feel happy that I am being honoured for doing films of my own liking.
Nawazuddin Siddiqui - The village I come from is the most ruthless, lawless land one can encounter.
Nawazuddin Siddiqui - In Mumbai, you have to act in real life, too.
Nawazuddin Siddiqui - It's very difficult switching over from one character to another.
Nawazuddin Siddiqui - The easier it looks on screen, the more hard work goes into making it so.
Nawazuddin Siddiqui - I am from a family of farmers from Budhana near Muzaffarnagar.
Nawazuddin Siddiqui - Behind every easy role, there is a lot of hard work that goes in.
Nawazuddin Siddiqui - 'Freaky Ali' may look like an easy role to others, but it is not easy.
Nawazuddin Siddiqui - I still can't believe it when people say I am a celebrity.
Nazanin Boniadi - The way we remember people, even their beauty is all so subjective and a matter of perspective.
Nazanin Boniadi - I feel really connected to antiquity for some reason.
Nazanin Boniadi - In real life, too, women love to be that girl who tames the bad boy.
Nazanin Boniadi - It's bizarre to be given an award for being empathetic and kind, which is what we all should be.
Nazanin Boniadi - Frances Conroy - brilliant, brilliant actress.
Nazanin Boniadi - To have art suppressed is very dangerous to society.
Nazanin Boniadi - Medicine, anything academic, is a very Persian Iranian route to take in life, in one's career.
Nazanin Boniadi - As an Iranian woman and activist, Sotoudeh's plight resonated with me on a deeply personal level.
Nazanin Boniadi - In a lot of ways, I think television is better for women than film.
Nazanin Boniadi - 'Homeland' is great at challenging our preconceived ideas.
Neale Donald Walsch - Life begins at the end of your comfort zone.
Neale Donald Walsch - I think in metaphysical terms, I would call that increasing the speed of the vibration of life.
Neale Donald Walsch - It'll become obvious that we've really been working against ourselves.
Neale Donald Walsch - As we move into the 21st century, there's what the Bible calls a 'quickening of the spirit.'
Neale Donald Walsch - There is a divine purpose behind everything - and therefore a divine presence in everything.
Neale Donald Walsch - God is in the sadness and the laughter, in the bitter and the sweet.
Neale Donald Walsch - The Roman Catholics teach that unless you're a Roman Catholic you do not go to heaven.
Neale Donald Walsch - I think that's a result of just a general increase in speed of the vibration of life itself.
Neale Donald Walsch - The new spirituality will step away from dogma, will step away from 'We're right and you're wrong.'
Neale Donald Walsch - Because our choices are largely based on survival. But if life is eternal, life is not a question.
Neil Armstrong - That's one small step for a man, one giant leap for mankind.
Neil Armstrong - Research is creating new knowledge.
Neil Armstrong - Mystery creates wonder and wonder is the basis of man's desire to understand.
Neil Armstrong - I believe every human has a finite number of heartbeats. I don't intend to waste any of mine.
Neil Armstrong - The Eagle has landed.
Neil Armstrong - In much of society, research means to investigate something you do not know or understand.
Neil Armstrong - I am, and ever will be, a white socks, pocket protector, nerdy engineer.
Neil Armstrong - Geologists have a saying - rocks remember.
Neil Armstrong - People love conspiracy theories.
Neil Armstrong - Houston, Tranquillity Base here. The Eagle has landed.
Neil Diamond - When you're on a merry-go-round, you miss a lot of the scenery.
Neil Diamond - It's very difficult for me to say 'I love you' but to sing 'I love you' for me is easier.
Neil Diamond - Performing is the easiest part of what I do, and songwriting is the hardest.
Neil Diamond - I think probably Australians have just a little more taste than most people.
Neil Diamond - Song Sung Blue took a lot of compressing and refining, and it has one of my favorite lyrics.
Neil Diamond - Songs are life in 80 words or less.
Neil Diamond - I'm lucky. Hard work is the key, but luck plays a part.
Neil Diamond - I don't like all of the music to be serious and deadly.
Neil Diamond - There's a mystery to writing, and you don't really know where most of it comes from.
Neil Diamond - I still need practice in enjoying the fruits of success.
Neil Kinnock - The Parthenon without the marbles is like a smile with a tooth missing.
Neil Kinnock - Loyalty is a fine quality, but in excess it fills political graveyards.
Neil Kinnock - The unforgivable political sin is vanity; the killer diet is sour grapes.
Neil Kinnock - In the U.K. the far Right is a stain on society and there is a cultural resistance to it.
Neil Kinnock - I'm the guy everybody wanted to live next door. They just didn't want me to be prime minister.
Neil Kinnock - You cannot fashion a wit out of two half-wits.
Neil Kinnock - Do something that makes a difference - because, by God, there's a lot to make you angry.
Neil Kinnock - I would die for my country but I could never let my country die for me.
Neil Kinnock - Newspapers are tutors as well as informers.
Neil Kinnock - The enemy of idealism is zealotry.
Neil LaBute - In a relationship you have to open yourself up.
Neil LaBute - Everyone has a story.
Neil LaBute - My best male friend is my best friend until he crosses me. We're all protective of the self.
Neil LaBute - Everybody has the ability to be manipulative, to be hateful and deceitful.
Neil LaBute - Unrequited love is always a great thing.
Neil LaBute - We humans are a fairly barbarous bunch.
Neil LaBute - Everyone has a little bit of Howard and Chad in them. I think there's Christine in all men as well.
Neil LaBute - I have a healthy view of what one can do with art.
Neil LaBute - I make movies I want to see.
Neil LaBute - I wanted to tell a story that interested me as much in the telling as in the watching.
Neil Patrick Harris - I always thought filet mignon was the steak to beat, but the fat content in a rib eye is fantastic.
Neil Patrick Harris - In my 20s, I mostly ate burritos and nachos, with the occasional burger.
Neil Patrick Harris - Charlie Sheen is who again? Denise is engaged?
Neil Patrick Harris - I feel like I know where I'm going. And I like where I'm going.
Neil Patrick Harris - I have an unbelievable assistant who handles all of my scheduling! It's like a Tetris game.
Neil Patrick Harris - I'm a nerdy, geeky fan of' Labyrinth' and 'Dark Crystal'.
Neil Patrick Harris - I enjoy being a hyphenate. I've always thought of my career as a plate spinner in the circus.
Neil Patrick Harris - I'm not the best cruise ship crooner. I'm not the best karaoke guy.
Neil Patrick Harris - I think when dance is mediocre, it's painful. But when dance is really impressive, it destroys.
Neil Patrick Harris - I'm not trying to climb a ladder - I'm casting a bit of a net.
Neil Peart - To me, drum soloing is like doing a marathon and solving equations at the same time.
Neil Peart - If you choose not to decide, you still have made a choice.
Neil Peart - If you've got a problem, take it out on a drum.
Neil Peart - Playing a three-hour Rush show is like running a marathon while solving equations.
Neil Peart - Too much attention and hoopla doesn't agree with my temperament.
Neil Peart - For a person of my sensibility, you're only left with the Democratic party.
Neil Peart - Stamina is the force that drives the drumming; it's not really a sprint.
Neil Peart - When Mr. Ludwig invented the bass-drum pedal, that's what made the drum set possible.
Neil Peart - There is no blood in jazz drumming, and there are no bullies in jazz drumming.
Neil Peart - Do yourself a favor. Don't ever say to me, 'Everything happens for a reason.'
Neil Young - Earth is a flower and it's pollinating.
Neil Young - It's cool to go places where working people are happy.
Neil Young - As you go through life, you've got to see the valleys as well as the peaks.
Neil Young - Commitments are one of the worst things to have in the music business. They're very annoying.
Neil Young - I totally have no other talent and I would be totally out of work if I did anything else.
Neil Young - Rock and roll is here to stay.
Neil Young - I can get away with saying a lot of ideas that are young and naive. I'm liberated.
Neil Young - I feel like I could be likened to an old hound circling on a rug for the last five years.
Neil Young - The thing about my music is, there really is no point.
Neil Young - Something comes along and you have to jump on and do it. You can't stop until it's done.
Nellie McKay - You know, if I can survive marching band, I can survive anything.
Nellie McKay - Love is such a fleeting emotion. It's such a small part of the things you do in your life.
Nellie McKay - I thought I had a talent for alienating people, but I have no idea what it is that doesn't go over.
Nellie McKay - There's a side of me that identifies with Aileen Wuornos.
Nellie McKay - I will say that art may well be the only thing that lasts, so I guess it's worth trying.
Nellie McKay - I have trouble with any kind of focus or concentrating, or getting anything done at all, really.
Nellie McKay - You can criticize something you strive for, and you can avoid something you dream about.
Nellie McKay - I guess you deal with what you get.
Nellie McKay - I think there are nice things about every era. I wish we could just take the nice things.
Nellie McKay - The other kids wanted to play Destiny's Child, but I wanted Anita O'Day.
Nelson Peltz - I don't mind anybody coming after me as long as they're coming with facts.
Nelson Peltz - If I'm on the board of any company where there's an offer that comes in, I want to negotiate.
Nelson Peltz - Rupert Murdoch is a good friend of mine.
Nelson Peltz - Before, Tiffany sold watches only in its own stores. Now, Tiffany watches are sold in 1,500 stores.
Nelson Peltz - You know what term you don't hear anymore? Arbitrage. The markets have gotten too efficient.
Nelson Peltz - Sequestration, sequestation - however you pronounce that word - and gridlock aren't all that bad.
Nelson Peltz - I love women.
Nelson Peltz - I'm willing to have two directors on the DuPont board, me being one of them.
Nelson Peltz - The name 'Mondelez' I hate. It sounds like a disease.
Nelson Peltz - You must make some decisions Wall Street dislikes.
Neneh Cherry - I'm allergic to doing the obvious thing.
Neneh Cherry - I'm 50. And I'm not ever really worried about being trendy.
Neneh Cherry - If you want to make God happy, tell him your plans.
Neneh Cherry - My daughters are my Picassos.
Neneh Cherry - Who needs a handbag? I put my money in my bra.
Neneh Cherry - I am not super-ambitious. I am not a classically amazing singer or anything.
Neneh Cherry - Everyone in Sweden has great hair and teeth and is clean-cut and organised.
Neneh Cherry - I always found very strong images for my songwriting in New York.
Neneh Cherry - I'm a bit of a rebel, and I always will be.
Neneh Cherry - Frank Ocean is our modern-day Marvin Gaye. In our house, we have nothing but respect for him.
Newt Gingrich - Perseverance is the hard work you do after you get tired of doing the hard work you already did.
Newt Gingrich - You can't trust anybody with power.
Newt Gingrich - If you're not brave, you're not going to be free.
Newt Gingrich - Politics and war are remarkably similar situations.
Newt Gingrich - You can never study Franklin Delano Roosevelt too much.
Newt Gingrich - We're all human and we all goof. Do things that may be wrong, but do something.
Newt Gingrich - I discourage a cult of personality.
Newt Gingrich - I'm not a natural leader. I'm too intellectual; I'm too abstract; I think too much.
Newt Gingrich - It is time we passed a balanced budget amendment and return this government to limited spending.
Newt Gingrich - The most important social welfare program in America is a job.
Nhat Hanh - The practice of peace and reconciliation is one of the most vital and artistic of human actions.
Nhat Hanh - If you abandon the present moment, you cannot live the moments of your daily life deeply.
Nhat Hanh - In true dialogue, both sides are willing to change.
Nhat Hanh - Many of us have been running all our lives. Practice stopping.
Nhat Hanh - One Buddha is not enough; we need to have many Buddhas.
Nhat Hanh - Love is the capacity to take care, to protect, to nourish.
Nhat Hanh - Happiness is the cessation of suffering.
Nia Vardalos - In many ways we are all sons and daughters of ancient Greece.
Nia Vardalos - I don't temper how I feel. I'm Greek. I've got emotions.
Nia Vardalos - America was founded on immigrants. The immigrant experience is common to all of us.
Nia Vardalos - Women are so many things. We're sisters, mothers, wives. There are so many things we encompass.
Nia Vardalos - I have no idea how to use social media for anything other than forwarding a good fart joke.
Nia Vardalos - I don't work that much because I am selective.
Nia Vardalos - You're never too fat for a new purse.
Nia Vardalos - I'd been raised by my parents who taught me not to think you're better than you are.
Nia Vardalos - I don't card out my screenplays ever. I just have an idea I just sit down and write I don't edit.
Nia Vardalos - I couldn't get an acting job to save my life when I moved to L.A.
Niall Horan - Someone told me the smile on my face gets bigger when I play the guitar.
Niall Horan - I just like sitting at home, chilling and watching a movie.
Niall Horan - I feel I am a little bit older. Reckon I will start growing a beard next week.
Niall Horan - I'd rather be a kid and play with paper planes, than be a man and play with a woman's heart.
Niall Horan - I don't want to live up to how people expect me to be.
Niall Horan - I'm not really a flirt; I just try to be myself.
Niall Horan - I've not actually been on too many dates.
Niall Horan - I'm an emotional guy, so I don't have to worry about a girl trying to get me to open up.
Niall Horan - Fans always tell me I'm beautiful, but no one will ever be as beautiful as them.
Niall Horan - Everyone gets that second album syndrome.
Nic Pizzolatto - Nothing in the television show 'True Detective' was plagiarized.
Nic Pizzolatto - Whatever story you're telling in Louisiana, the landscape is going to become a character in it.
Nic Pizzolatto - If I write scripts that nobody likes, I don't think we'll be doing 'True Detective.'
Nic Pizzolatto - I was raised by television. It was my first cultural window. It was a constant companion.
Nic Pizzolatto - Art was always for me an escape and a way to relate to the world around me.
Nic Pizzolatto - It's better to not have a reputation than a bad one.
Nic Pizzolatto - I don't think you can create effectively toward expectation. I'm not in the service business.
Nic Pizzolatto - I was raised in a heavily Catholic family. Early and consistent encounters with mysticism.
Nic Pizzolatto - I didn't come to Hollywood to be subservient to anyone else's vision.
Nic Pizzolatto - Killing characters on television has become an easy short cut to cathartic emotion.
Nicholas D. Kristof - A little bit of attention can go a long way.
Nicholas D. Kristof - Just a little help, a small security force, a bit of food, can save lives.
Nicholas D. Kristof - You don't need to invade a place or install a new government to help bring about a positive change.
Nicholas D. Kristof - The conflict in Darfur could escalate to where we're seeing 100,000 victims per month.
Nicholas D. Kristof - You will be judged in years to come by how you responded to genocide on your watch.
Nicholas D. Kristof - I think it's dangerous to be optimistic. Things could go terribly wrong virtually overnight.
Nicholas D. Kristof - I have often tried to tell the story of a place through people there.
Nicholas D. Kristof - The bulk of the emails tend to come after a column. I can get about 2,000 after a column.
Nicholas D. Kristof - It's easy to keep issuing blame to Republicans or the president.
Nicholas D. Kristof - Neither left nor right has focused adequately on maternal health.
Nicholas Hoult - I don't really have disappointments, because I build myself up for rejection.
Nicholas Hoult - I can be a bit grumpy. I'm full of angst, and hormones.
Nicholas Hoult - I always like to keep busy, otherwise my brain starts ticking.
Nicholas Hoult - Long-term boredom can't lead to anything good.
Nicholas Hoult - Other people's success spurs me on to do well and gives me motivation.
Nicholas Hoult - I don't want to share my worries - that's for me to know.
Nicholas Hoult - Life's too short for regrets.
Nicholas Hoult - I'm not scared of growing up, but it just happens, doesn't it?
Nicholas Hoult - If you're out, and starving, and need a bite to eat, then you need fast food.
Nicholas Hoult - I won't eat veal, and my mum won't eat lamb, because she thinks it's a bit harsh to eat cute things.
Nicholas Sparks - I don't know that love changes. People change. Circumstances change.
Nicholas Sparks - I suppose I'm most influenced by any good, commercial writer. I learn from everyone.
Nicholas Sparks - Loving once and only once is possible - anything is possible.
Nicholas Sparks - I'm writing a new love story, set in eastern North Carolina. Surprise, surprise, huh?
Nicholas Sparks - I do not use profanity in my novels. My characters all go to church.
Nicholas Sparks - If you look for me, I'm in the fiction section. Romance has its own section.
Nicholas Sparks - Spreading the news is your duty as a Christian, and there are many ways to do this.
Nicholas Sparks - Rekindled love is generally short-term.
Nicholas Sparks - Over time, quality work will lead to an audience for your work.
Nicholas Sparks - I don't write romance novels.
Nick Cannon - To me, a forever love is a bond that can't be broken.
Nick Cannon - Saturday morning, you knew what was cool by what was on 'Soul Train.'
Nick Cannon - I was 16 years old, driving to LA, and sleeping in my car, just trying to make it happen.
Nick Cannon - My Vocation is my Vacation. I love what I do.
Nick Cannon - Right now, I'm as single as a slice of American cheese.
Nick Cannon - People have always said I have an old soul, and all my best friends are 10 to 15 years my senior.
Nick Cannon - I always try to be optimistic, but not to the point where I'm getting on people's nerves.
Nick Cannon - I was rapping at eight.
Nick Cannon - I'm so into playing different characters, even when I was on Nickelodeon. I just observe.
Nick Cannon - Me personally, I wouldn't put my kids on television. But to each his own.
Nick Cave - A gentleman never talks about his tailor.
Nick Cave - 'Inspiration' is a word used by people who aren't really doing anything.
Nick Cave - Texting is apocalyptic on some level. It's a reduction of things.
Nick Cave - It's always a pleasure on a personal note for me to come back to Australia.
Nick Cave - Film seems to be a medium designed for betrayal and violence.
Nick Cave - People think I'm a miserable sod but it's only because I get asked such bloody miserable questions.
Nick Cave - Kylie Minogue is the greatest thing that has happened to Australian music.
Nick Cave - If you took love out of the equation, I wouldn't know what else to write about.
Nick Cave - The blues is instilled in every musical cell that floats around your body.
Nick Cave - I write hate lyrics really well. It's not every day you can use them, really.
Nick Harkaway - The end doesn't justify anything, because all we ever live with is the means.
Nick Harkaway - Names aren't just coathooks, they're coats. They're the first thing anyone knows about you.
Nick Harkaway - Digitisation was supposed to lead to a great democratisation of access to creative work.
Nick Harkaway - Knowledge is not just power - it is control.
Nick Harkaway - The great thing is to have been surrounded by stories all my life.
Nick Harkaway - My reading of history is that we continually inherit trouble.
Nick Harkaway - I'm fascinated by human agency - by the process of decision, both in the individual and the mass.
Nick Harkaway - I am an avid reader of comics, though I came to them late.
Nick Harkaway - The mainstream of literary culture in the U.K. is very averse to writing about technology.
Nick Harkaway - Amazon makes money differently from a conventional publisher. It is an infrastructure player.
Nick Jonas - I keep my political views to myself.
Nick Jonas - I love pizza; you can't really go wrong with pizza.
Nick Jonas - It doesn't matter if the world is pulling you down. With Christ, you have everything.
Nick Jonas - I'm not one of these Disney haters. I'm really appreciative of the foundation it laid for me.
Nick Jonas - I would have studied English, but I really don't like to read.
Nick Jonas - I think my favorite song from another artist would have to be 'Superstition' by Stevie Wonder.
Nick Jonas - I am who I am, and I can't change that. It's not something I've labored over.
Nick Jonas - I've always been quite driven. I take after my father.
Nick Jonas - I love the show 'Nashville,' I mean, that's a show that's pretty incredible.
Nick Jonas - The tricky thing is, from what I've heard, I'm a bit emotionally unavailable.
Nick Nolte - I've never been all that comfortable in real life.
Nick Nolte - You give up your narcissism, your egotism. That's how you achieve chemistry.
Nick Nolte - I am a good sewer. My mother taught me how to sew.
Nick Nolte - American society is still puritanical.
Nick Nolte - Asking for forgiveness is just one of the most painful kind of experiences.
Nick Nolte - Living in a small town, one of the keys to survival was your imagination.
Nick Nolte - No one wants to spend too long inside their own darkness.
Nick Nolte - Birth is violent, and out of that violence is our only chance of rebirth.
Nick Nolte - If you feel you have a film that's valid, you stick your ass on the line.
Nick Nolte - I've made a lot of mistakes and I don't regret any of them. Sometimes that's the only way you learn.
Nick Saban - Mediocre people don't like high achievers, and high achievers don't like mediocre people.
Nick Saban - I'm not going to be the Alabama coach.
Nick Saban - I always ask myself the question, do you like to win, or do you hate to lose?
Nick Saban - It's never OK to lose a game.
Nick Saban - I think there's a certain pride people have in competition.
Nick Saban - I think a lot of times you have to face your fears. I think everybody has to face their fears.
Nick Saban - I never want to discontinue giving kids opportunities.
Nick Saban - I think the worst thing a player can do is just not be yourself.
Nick Saban - My wife gets so mad at me because I don't like to cook on the grill.
Nick Saban - I've had a lot more success helping guys then just being punitive.
Nick Woodman - You know what the best thing about morning ski trips are? McDonald's!
Nick Woodman - On the road and traveling - that's when people are at their most creative.
Nick Woodman - People use GoPros to capture the experiences they are passionate about.
Nick Woodman - I'll let myself obsess over things.
Nick Woodman - Smartphones are always in your pocket. They're about reactive capture.
Nick Woodman - Fear drives you a lot harder than success does.
Nick Woodman - A smartphone is a mobile computer in your pocket.
Nick Woodman - The best way to fire somebody is to compassionately fire them.
Nick Woodman - Losing other people's money was terrible.
Nick Woodman - I wore a GoPro camera on my head for all three of my boys.
Nicola Adams - Everyone is beatable on the right day.
Nicola Adams - I'm like a 'comeback kid' - you can't keep me down for long!
Nicola Adams - I love shopping, but I only really have time to do it online.
Nicola Adams - As a kid, I was always picky about food; if it didn't 'look right,' I wouldn't eat it.
Nicola Adams - Nothing ever stops me smiling, apart from getting beat in the ring.
Nicola Adams - Even though I am a woman boxer, I am not just inspiring women; I hope I am inspiring boys as well.
Nicola Adams - All I want is to keep boxing for Great Britain and inspire others.
Nicola Adams - I want to be the European, Olympic, Commonwealth and world champion. I want the full set.
Nicola Adams - I'd love to be the Ali of women's boxing, to retire as the greatest.
Nicola Adams - I wouldn't call myself a feminist. I am just me. I like boxing and acting and doing my charity work.
Nicola Formichetti - Social networking inspires me a lot and how we are related and connected to each other.
Nicola Formichetti - My muse is the digital world.
Nicola Formichetti - The Internet shapes my life and work so completely that I couldn't imagine living without it.
Nicola Formichetti - I live between Europe, America and Asia.
Nicola Formichetti - I think when you start talking about money, it stops the whole creative process for me.
Nicola Formichetti - I'm half-Japanese, so I collect toys, like a Yayoi Kusama stuffed pumpkin.
Nicola Formichetti - I like places where you can dance to crazy music, like Bedlam or Eastern Bloc in the East Village.
Nicola Formichetti - My mom was my muse - she would buy me Italian 'Vogue.' I was this little fashion boy.
Nicola Formichetti - Japan, for me, will always be my inspiration source.
Nicola Formichetti - I am terrible at making food. I love eating, but I can't make anything.
Nicola Sturgeon - The importance of education is ingrained in Scottish history.
Nicola Sturgeon - Any politician or campaigner trying to pull the wool over the eyes of the public won't get very far.
Nicola Sturgeon - It's not opinion polls that determine the outcome of elections, it's votes in ballot boxes.
Nicola Sturgeon - I don't cook very often. Actually, I'd go further: I can't cook.
Nicola Sturgeon - I think you should always aim for more.
Nicola Sturgeon - One of Ed Miliband's shadow ministers has said he would never vote for the renewal of Trident.
Nicola Sturgeon - The decision on whether there is another referendum is down to the Scottish people.
Nicola Sturgeon - I consider myself a selfie specialist.
Nicola Sturgeon - I'm a politician, and as you know, politicians are rarely very funny.
Nicola Sturgeon - Haggis is delicious. It is wonderful. It's spicy, it's tasty, and you get vegetarian haggis as well.
Nicolas Chamfort - There is a melancholy that stems from greatness.
Nicolas Chamfort - There are more people who wish to be loved than there are who are willing to love.
Nicolas Chamfort - Conviction is the conscience of the mind.
Nicolas Chamfort - People are governed with the head; kindness of heart is little use in chess.
Nicolas Chamfort - Swallow a toad in the morning and you will encounter nothing more disgusting the rest of the day.
Nicolas Chamfort - The only thing that stops God from sending another flood is that the first one was useless.
Nicolas Chamfort - The most wasted day of all is that on which we have not laughed.
Nicolas Chamfort - There are well-dressed foolish ideas just as there are well-dressed fools.
Nicolas Chamfort - One must not hope to be more than one can be.
Nicolas Chamfort - Most books today seemed to have been written overnight from books read the day before.
Nicolas Roeg - The rules are learnt in order to be broken, but if you don't know them, then something is missing.
Nicolas Roeg - We're all influenced by everything unless we're locked in an empty room.
Nicolas Roeg - Our lives are full of all the genres. Fear and hope and sadness.
Nicolas Roeg - Men and women's needs and desires overlap but go in different directions as well.
Nicolas Roeg - You cannot intellectualize yourself out of obsession. You cannot cure yourself of it.
Nicolas Roeg - I like the probability of the impossible.
Nicolas Roeg - I realized I've spent all my life creating a past.
Nicolas Roeg - Children's finger-painting came under the arts, but movies didn't.
Nicolas Roeg - Fear has many faces.
Nicolas Roeg - In life, we all learn from everyone.
Nicolaus Copernicus - Of all things visible, the highest is the heaven of the fixed stars.
Nicolaus Copernicus - At rest, however, in the middle of everything is the sun.
Nicolaus Copernicus - For I am not so enamoured of my own opinions that I disregard what others may think of them.
Nicolaus Copernicus - Mathematics is written for mathematicians.
Nicolaus Copernicus - Finally we shall place the Sun himself at the center of the Universe.
Nicolaus Copernicus - First of all, we must note that the universe is spherical.
Nicolaus Copernicus - The earth also is spherical, since it presses upon its center from every direction.
Nicolaus Copernicus - Pouring forth its seas everywhere, then, the ocean envelops the earth and fills its deeper chasms.
Nicolaus Copernicus - Near the sun is the center of the universe.
Nicolaus Copernicus - In so many and such important ways, then, do the planets bear witness to the earth's mobility.
Nicole Ari Parker - Exercise is about being grateful for the body you have and sustaining the life you have.
Nicole Ari Parker - God loves you and everything about you, so why beat up on your precious self?
Nicole Ari Parker - One good step breeds another one.
Nicole Ari Parker - Nobody can tell you how to be a good wife or husband.
Nicole Ari Parker - Being a parent is the hardest job ever in life.
Nicole Ari Parker - I have friends struggling with autism, juvenile diabetes.
Nicole Ari Parker - You have to work hard not to take your partner for granted, even when you are tired.
Nicole Ari Parker - Take all the hype out of the exercise and think of it as brushing your teeth.
Nicole Ari Parker - I'm really into nutrition from the inside out.
Nicole Ari Parker - I enjoy using coconut oil - not only for my skin and hair, but I'll digest it.
Nicole Kidman - You don't have to be naked to be sexy.
Nicole Kidman - I find standing and posing for photos very awkward.
Nicole Kidman - LIfe has got all those twists and turns. You've got to hold on tight and off you go.
Nicole Kidman - I wouldn't want to be married to me, but luckily Tom Cruise does.
Nicole Kidman - I have a different approach. I don't file lawsuits because I really don't care.
Nicole Kidman - What's the point of doing something good if nobody's watching.
Nicole Kidman - There's no drugs, no Tom in a dress, no psychiatrists.
Nicole Kidman - You're not anyone in America unless you're on TV.
Nicole Kidman - I refuse to let what happened to me make me bitter.
Nicole Kidman - I just want to be nominated; beggars can't be choosers.
Nicole Polizzi - I don't have regrets, there are only lessons. You learn from them, and you become a better person.
Nicole Polizzi - Be sure of yourself, don't let anyone bully you, be a strong and independent woman or boy.
Nicole Polizzi - You're going to have haters and you're going to have lovers.
Nicole Polizzi - When you're tan, you feel better about yourself.
Nicole Polizzi - Donald Trump, I would vote for him. Trump would make this country better I feel.
Nicole Polizzi - If I do something stupid, which is pretty much the whole time, I hate it. I just hate it.
Nicole Polizzi - It sucks, but no Long Islands or margaritas when you drink. It has to be straight vodka.
Nicole Polizzi - I'm trying to build an empire, because after this, I cannot get a normal job.
Nicole Polizzi - I have an education, I went to college, you know?
Nicole Polizzi - The only person I've had sex with on Jersey Shore is my boyfriend.
Nicole Richie - You can see it right away when a person is dressing outside of who she is.
Nicole Richie - I will be really happy once I have done my jail time. I can start fresh.
Nicole Richie - I admire anyone with their own sense of personal style.
Nicole Richie - I have olive skin, so if I get pale, I look green. I have to tan.
Nicole Richie - I'm a Virgo and I'm really good at scheduling. And I really make it work. I get up 6.30 every day.
Nicole Richie - I think lingerie plays a big part in how you carry yourself.
Nicole Richie - I owe the baby my life. I owe this baby everything and I have a responsibility now.
Nicole Richie - Anytime I am around a male body part it is kind of exiting.
Nicole Richie - I absolutely love Oscar. So classic. So timeless.
Nicole Richie - When my dad divorced my mom it was kind of like him leaving me also.
Niecy Nash - Falling in love was the easy part; planning a wedding - yikes!
Niecy Nash - I'm a Gucci girl all the way.
Niecy Nash - I have more energy to run after our four children. Weight loss and great skin were a bonus!
Niecy Nash - The adage 'a family that prays together, stays together' is so true.
Niecy Nash - I feel like love is the thing we were created for, yet it's the place we struggle the most.
Niecy Nash - I don't need to do a reality show to make my mark in this world.
Niecy Nash - When you like what you like, it makes it easy for your husband to shop for you!
Niecy Nash - I didn't get into this business for other people to know my name.
Niecy Nash - I didn't marry a man that wanted to be in the business. But that's why we're a perfect fit.
Niecy Nash - I'm not a perfect mom, but I'm perfect for my kids.
Niels Bohr - Your theory is crazy, but it's not crazy enough to be true.
Niels Bohr - Never express yourself more clearly than you are able to think.
Niels Bohr - Prediction is very difficult, especially if it's about the future.
Niels Bohr - A physicist is just an atom's way of looking at itself.
Niels Bohr - How wonderful that we have met with a paradox. Now we have some hope of making progress.
Niels Bohr - Everything we call real is made of things that cannot be regarded as real.
Niels Bohr - If quantum mechanics hasn't profoundly shocked you, you haven't understood it yet.
Niels Bohr - There are some things so serious you have to laugh at them.
Niels Bohr - Every sentence I utter must be understood not as an affirmation, but as a question.
Niels Bohr - No, no, you're not thinking; you're just being logical.
Nigel Farage - It's a European Union of economic failure, of mass unemployment and of low growth.
Nigel Farage - I think frankly when it comes to chaos you ain't seen nothing yet.
Nigel Farage - I think that politics needs a bit of spicing up.
Nigel Farage - We must break up the eurozone. We must set those Mediterranean countries free.
Nigel Farage - It's hardly a radical idea to suggest that regulators and legislators understand the law now, is it?
Nigel Farage - When an Occupy demo in the centre of Frankfurt makes world news, I shall hurry to join in.
Nigel Farage - It's the FSA and its plethora of EU bodies that's failed.
Nigel Farage - British chancellor is telling the rest of Europe it must abandon democracy. It's appalling.
Nigel Farage - It's amazing how ideas start out, isn't it?
Nigel Farage - If an idea is indeed sensible, it will eventually become just part of the accepted wisdom.
Nigel Lawson - We already have a sabbatical system. It's called opposition, and I've had enough of it.
Nigel Lawson - To govern is to choose. To appear to be unable to choose is to appear to be unable to govern.
Nigel Lawson - The Treasury has enough trouble with forecasts even when they are trying to get them right.
Nigel Lawson - The NHS is the closest thing the English have to a religion.
Nigel Lawson - Britain's destiny lies in Europe.
Nigel Lawson - In terms of the arguments, I think the pro-Leave campaign is winning them all.
Nigel Lawson - Most of the countries in the world are outside the E.U., and they are doing very nicely, thank you.
Nigel Lawson - You don't need to be within the single market to trade; it's not an issue.
Nigel Lawson - I don't think the government needs to be frightened of the banks in the slightest.
Nigel Lawson - I am in favour of a fully transferable allowance.
Nigella Lawson - Emotion is messy, contradictory... and true.
Nigella Lawson - It sounds like something on a very trite T-shirt, but life is what happens.
Nigella Lawson - There is a kind of euphoria of grief, a degree of madness.
Nigella Lawson - There is something wrong about being photographed that has nothing to do with vanity.
Nigella Lawson - You don't go around grieving all the time, but the grief is still there and always will be.
Nigella Lawson - On the whole, I prefer Christmas as an adult than I did as a child.
Nigella Lawson - I was a quiet teenager, introverted, full of angst.
Nigella Lawson - I don't believe in low-fat cooking.
Nigella Lawson - I never have plans for the future as you never know how things will turn out.
Nigella Lawson - I don't like conflict.
Nik Wallenda - One of the things I enjoy is the challenge of Mother Nature.
Nik Wallenda - I hope what I do and what I just did inspires people around the world to reach for the skies.
Nik Wallenda - I'd love to come to Australia. I'd love to walk about the Sydney Opera House.
Nik Wallenda - I feel like I'm on cloud nine right now.
Nik Wallenda - I've trained all my life not to be distracted by distractions.
Nik Wallenda - It's about carrying on the legacy and doing something I love and have a passion for.
Nik Wallenda - A lot of praying helped me a lot.
Nik Wallenda - I am so blessed. How blessed I am to have the life that I have.
Nik Wallenda - I was not scared at all.
Nik Wallenda - I do everything I do to pay tribute to my great-grandfather.
Nikita Khrushchev - If you live among wolves you have to act like a wolf.
Nikita Khrushchev - But life is a great school. It thrashes and bangs and teaches you.
Nikita Khrushchev - The press is our chief ideological weapon.
Nikita Khrushchev - We say the name of God, but that is only habit.
Nikita Khrushchev - I want to talk to these people because they stay in power and you change all the time.
Nikita Khrushchev - The more bombers, the less room for doves of peace.
Nikita Khrushchev - If one cannot catch a bird of paradise, better take a wet hen.
Nikita Khrushchev - Economics is a subject that does not greatly respect one's wishes.
Nikita Khrushchev - Politicians are the same all over. They promise to build bridges even when there are no rivers.
Nikita Khrushchev - Whether you like it or not, history is on our side. We will bury you!
Nikki Cox - I still don't know quite what I'm supposed to do or be.
Nikki Cox - I think I'm as content as one can be.
Nikki Cox - If I didn't have fake nails, my fingers would be bloody stumps.
Nikki Cox - Mary and I look eerily similar but other than that, the differences are pretty much night and day.
Nikki Cox - To be perfectly honest, drama is a lot simpler than comedy.
Nikki Cox - When all of a sudden, people say, 'Wow, you look nice,' and carry on, it's shocking. Really awkward.
Nikki Cox - For me, I've worked hard for people to think I'm funny.
Nikki Cox - There is just so very much I can't do. I don't drive, for one.
Nikki Cox - I learned how but I have a terrible paranoia and fear. I do not drive an automobile.
Nikki Cox - I'm a McDonald's girl - several times a week. Usually the two-cheeseburger combo meal.
Nikki Giovanni - For most of my life, I've thought of myself as pretty cool.
Nikki Giovanni - We write because we believe the human spirit cannot be tamed and should not be trained.
Nikki Giovanni - Art is not for the cultivated taste. It is to cultivate taste.
Nikki Giovanni - If you don't understand yourself you don't understand anybody else.
Nikki Giovanni - Follow your image as far as you can no matter how useless you think it is. Push yourself.
Nikki Giovanni - Some say we are responsible for those we love. Others know we are responsible for those who love us.
Nikki Giovanni - Mistakes are a fact of life. It is the response to the error that counts.
Nikki Giovanni - Now, everything I do, I do because I want to. And I believe the best is yet to come.
Nikki Giovanni - Everything will change. The only question is growing up or decaying.
Nikki Giovanni - There are things you stand up for because it's right.
Nikki Haley - Everyone can have a bad day.
Nikki Haley - I'm a huge fan of women; I think we're great.
Nikki Haley - We don't have unions in South Carolina because we don't need unions in South Carolina.
Nikki Haley - I'm not going to stop beating up on the Democrats for wasteful spending.
Nikki Haley - I wear heels. It's not for a fashion statement, it's... ammunition.
Nikki Haley - I think any label is bad. I'm more than a label.
Nikki Haley - All of my policy is not based on a label. It's based on what I lived and what I know.
Nikki Haley - This is America. Anyone is free to protest about anything they want.
Nikki Haley - Contraception doesn't define a woman.
Nikki Haley - God bless the people of the State of South Carolina.
Nikki Reed - I learned how to change a cloth diaper on a raccoon. I was maybe 8 or 9.
Nikki Reed - If I had more confidence, I would rock a crop top.
Nikki Reed - My name is not big enough for people to go, 'Let me throw money at you because you're so famous!'
Nikki Reed - Some of the greatest moments in life come from moments that are incomplete.
Nikki Reed - Part of being young is making mistakes.
Nikki Reed - We live in a world where sort of nothing is shocking anymore.
Nikki Reed - I've always loved music and felt connected to it, but was too afraid to explore that avenue.
Nikki Reed - People send everyone hate mail. That's the way the world works right now, I'm nothing special.
Nikki Reed - For some reason, young girls, they don't want the guy that's just there.
Nikki Reed - When you date someone who loves the outdoors, it's inspiring.
Nikki Sixx - I forgive my mom for being a psycho and my dad for being a loser.
Nikki Sixx - If you don't deal with your demons, they will deal with you, and it's gonna hurt.
Nikki Sixx - You can't pee like a puppy if you wanna run with the big dogs.
Nikki Sixx - We each have our own tour bus. We've never done that before.
Nikki Sixx - Motley Crue, collectively and individually, have done things on our own terms.
Nikki Sixx - You want to love unconditionally everything you do, or don't do it.
Nikki Sixx - People say I have a distorted lens. I think I see things as they really are.
Nikki Sixx - Let me explain something: I'm not incredibly rich.
Nikki Sixx - As a lyricist, I'm really trying to raise my level of quality.
Nikki Sixx - One thing I've always loved doing is hanging out and talking music with other artists.
Niklas Zennstrom - We also have a conference call feature where up to five people can talk on one Skype call.
Niklas Zennstrom - If you can use a Web browser, you can use Skype.
Niklas Zennstrom - We have 2 million users in the U.S. and about 13 million worldwide in more than 200 countries.
Niklas Zennstrom - They also can combine voice with instant messaging and online file sharing.
Niklas Zennstrom - Skype is for any individual who has a broadband Internet connection.
Niklas Zennstrom - In fact, we just surpassed our first 1 million simultaneous users online.
Niklas Zennstrom - And the VCR did the same thing: the movie industry thought nobody would ever watch movies any more.
Niklas Zennstrom - As an entrepreneur, if you're the originator, you need to be faster than ever.
Niklas Zennstrom - Talent can pop up anywhere in the world, it's not just one city block.
Niklas Zennstrom - Today as an entrepreneur you have more options.
Nikolaj Coster-Waldau - I think advice is cheap. You can only really learn by doing and making mistakes.
Nikolaj Coster-Waldau - It's beautiful being out in the wild.
Nikolaj Coster-Waldau - I try not to regret too much. I find that feeling guilty takes up so much of my time already.
Nikolaj Coster-Waldau - The more secrets and twists in a character, the better.
Nikolaj Coster-Waldau - A villain to me is someone who actively seeks to hurt someone or does things for his own gain.
Nikolaj Coster-Waldau - I love team sports.
Nikolaj Coster-Waldau - If you look at most of the Royal Houses in Europe, the inbreeding was pretty outstanding.
Nikolaj Coster-Waldau - I think we all have the capacity of evil in us.
Nikolaj Coster-Waldau - I like to wear beautiful clothes, but I don't have that many.
Nikolaj Coster-Waldau - There's something liberating about watching someone not following the rules.
Nikos Kazantzakis - In order to succeed, we must first believe that we can.
Nikos Kazantzakis - The real meaning of enlightenment is to gaze with undimmed eyes on all darkness.
Nikos Kazantzakis - Let your youth have free reign. It won't come again, so be bold, and no repenting.
Nikos Kazantzakis - I said to the almond tree, 'Friend, speak to me of God,' and the almond tree blossomed.
Nikos Kazantzakis - Every perfect traveler always creates the country where he travels.
Nikos Kazantzakis - Beauty is merciless. You do not look at it, it looks at you and does not forgive.
Nikos Kazantzakis - My entire soul is a cry, and all my work is a commentary on that cry.
Nikos Kazantzakis - One of man's greatest obligations is anger.
Nikos Kazantzakis - There is only one woman in the world. One woman, with many faces.
Nikos Kazantzakis - Behind each woman rises the austere, sacred and mysterious face of Aphrodite.
Nile Rodgers - Bands always call me when they are in need of a boost and I come in and put them back on top.
Nile Rodgers - Art is something that opens up and enhances your emotions and that's what I like to think I'm doing.
Nile Rodgers - I'm a record producer and songwriter; I'm a problem-solver.
Nile Rodgers - I've found great solace in finally taking care of myself and others.
Nile Rodgers - I've had insomnia since I was five years old. I just don't require much sleep. I'm never tired.
Nile Rodgers - You can fool a person into going to see a movie with a good trailer.
Nile Rodgers - It was actually my partner, Bernard Edwards, who helped me develop my sort of funky jazz style.
Nile Rodgers - My life was really interesting before 'Chic.'
Nile Rodgers - I am very rich because of 'Chic' - artistically as well as spiritually. It's been an amazing life.
Nile Rodgers - I wouldn't know how to retire.
Nina Arianda - My favorite place to vacation is anyplace by the ocean.
Nina Arianda - I can't have white roses. They symbolize death.
Nina Arianda - I try not to put my purse on the floor - demons will get into it.
Nina Arianda - I let steam off by watching 'Downton Abbey.'
Nina Arianda - If I'm having a bad day in rehearsal, I'll sleep with my script.
Nina Arianda - I've had a very supportive mother my entire life, so I've had strong women around me.
Nina Arianda - I never approach a character from a negative place.
Nina Arianda - You leave part of yourself on every stage you're on. How could you not live in the air somehow?
Nina Arianda - I see something new in 'Gosford Park' every time I watch it.
Nina Arianda - I love all things Queen - their songs are epic storytelling.
Nina Dobrev - Even though you're growing up, you should never stop having fun.
Nina Dobrev - I think you have to draw from any character and bring it to yourself as much as possible.
Nina Dobrev - In my day-to-day life, I'm kind of a tomboy. I like being comfortable.
Nina Dobrev - Over the holidays is when I have the most occasions to cook and bake.
Nina Dobrev - I was kind of a jock in school. Beauty wasn't something I spent a lot of time on.
Nina Dobrev - I mean everybody's got ex-boyfriends and girlfriends. Everybody's got baggage.
Nina Dobrev - I've realized skinny isn't necessarily attractive. Guys like girls with curves.
Nina Dobrev - I mean, I love to try and cook. I'm pretty good, but I'm not saying I'm great.
Nina Dobrev - Actually... I'm starting a new thing and rebelling against ridiculously high heels. It's inhumane.
Nina Dobrev - I'm kind of a globetrotter. I've been traveling since I was born and living in different locations.
Nina Easton - Public anger over bank bailouts was as much about fairness as the billions of dollars spent.
Nina Easton - Great leaders don't rush to blame. They instinctively look for solutions.
Nina Easton - I think the danger with the liberal Left is seeing the Republican Party as a monolith.
Nina Easton - In 1996, Bill Clinton declared the era of big government over in the State of the Union address.
Nina Easton - The discovery of heroes is rarely linear or obvious. They usually sneak up on you.
Nina Easton - Reality shows serve up juicy drama out of human shortcomings.
Nina Easton - We like to think that a free market's greatest strength is its self-corrective nature.
Nina Easton - We like to think of women as peacemakers, not purveyors of violence.
Nina Easton - Presidential coverage used to be a very serious endeavor.
Nina Easton - Main Street versus Wall Street was the 2008 economic mantra of Democrat Barack Obama.
Nina Garcia - Serving jury duty is a fascinating little slice of life, with its motley crew of personalities.
Nina Garcia - I'm a big believer that accessories can make or break a look.
Nina Garcia - Nothing is more alluring to a man than a woman who looks good in her jeans.
Nina Garcia - Putting on fierce boots is an instant pick-me-up.
Nina Garcia - I'm all about the high heel; I think it's the sexiest accessory ever made, including lingerie.
Nina Garcia - Your wardrobe should complement your skill set, never detract - or distract - from your assets.
Nina Garcia - I'm really looking to reach any woman who's interested in refining and embracing her personal style.
Nina Garcia - Fashion is an expression of a time, of a place, of history. It's putting things into context.
Nina Garcia - I've always been opinionated, unfortunately, to my mother's disappointment.
Nina Garcia - I've always spoken my mind. There's no reason not to!
Nina Hagen - As long as karma exists, the world changes. There will always be karma to be taken care of.
Nina Hagen - I was traveling on our tour bus through Europe and I was thinking I want to have long blonde hair.
Nina Hagen - I don't have to try to be outrageous. I am outrageous.
Nina Hagen - I never have a bad night, bad day, bad moment.
Nina Hagen - You have to see my show to believe that I'm the only unique Nina Hagen on this planet.
Nina Hagen - I have a following. Whenever I am on tour they come. It is always sold out.
Nina Hagen - I sing about heaven and hell, angels and demons.
Nina Hagen - It's a human right to be able to have a relationship.
Nina Hagen - I create my own lyrics. I have a great band. I have a drummer from East Berlin.
Nina Hagen - Life is so great every day. I am telling things every day.
Nita Ambani - Motherhood is the most challenging as well as the utmost satisfying vocation in this world.
Nita Ambani - The lotus comes from the murkiest water but grows into the purest thing.
Nita Ambani - I am too much of a team member to be separated from my team.
Nita Ambani - As human beings, what we can do is extend help in whatever way possible.
Nita Ambani - I believe primary and secondary education is the bedrock of any sustainable society.
Nita Ambani - India is now changing and regaining its lustre, and it is coming of age.
Nita Ambani - Every child has a right to education as much as to life, and every woman the right to live.
Nita Ambani - Preventing female infanticide is equally important in protection of women's rights.
Nita Ambani - Education is all about igniting young minds and enabling them to attain their fullest potential.
Nita Ambani - Mukesh calls me his true life partner... I just enjoy being Mukesh's wife.
Noah Baumbach - When I was a kid, I would fantasize about my own funeral.
Noah Baumbach - I think anxiety is dangerous, but it makes you think it's your friend.
Noah Baumbach - A lot of black-and-white films generally have a color version that will be used for TV.
Noah Baumbach - I love black-and-white movies that are about contemporary subjects.
Noah Baumbach - I've always liked working with friends or, you know, people I have outside relationships with.
Noah Baumbach - I've had times in my life when I really haven't been able to figure myself out.
Noah Baumbach - Will Ferrell's made a lot of brilliant movies.
Noah Baumbach - I'm interested in music as an extension of character.
Noah Baumbach - Manhattan is so tailored. It's driven by appealing to the very wealthy and tourists.
Noah Baumbach - Truffaut loved Hitchcock.
Nobu Matsuhisa - Making sushi is an art, and experience is everything.
Nobu Matsuhisa - The fine art of preparing sushi is something that you watch and learn.
Nobu Matsuhisa - Chefs are artists, and I couldn't be happy with my art if I was forced to use cheap ingredients.
Nobu Matsuhisa - A sushi chef has to spot the best-quality fresh fish instantly.
Nobu Matsuhisa - I'm not perfect. I am not Iron Man.
Nobu Matsuhisa - Many chefs are either technically or artistically better than me, but I know my food has soul.
Nobu Matsuhisa - Peru was the Incas; it has 3,000 to 4,000 years of history.
Nobu Matsuhisa - A different spice is the most interesting thing to me.
Nobu Matsuhisa - In Tokyo, we have more three-star Michelin restaurants than Paris.
Nobu Matsuhisa - My cooking is simply ingredients plus umami.
Noel Coward - If you must have motivation, think of your paycheck on Friday.
Noel Coward - It's discouraging to think how many people are shocked by honesty and how few by deceit.
Noel Coward - Work is much more fun than fun.
Noel Coward - It is discouraging how many people are shocked by honesty and how few by deceit.
Noel Coward - I like long walks, especially when they are taken by people who annoy me.
Noel Coward - I'm not a heavy drinker, I can sometimes go for hours without touching a drop.
Noel Coward - I'll go through life either first class or third, but never in second.
Noel Coward - Wit ought to be a glorious treat like caviar; never spread it about like marmalade.
Noel Coward - I've sometimes thought of marrying - and then I've thought again.
Noel Coward - Never mind, dear, we're all made the same, though some more than others.
Noel Gallagher - I'm not interested in making money. It's just that with my talent, I'm cursed with it.
Noel Gallagher - I have 3 kids and a cat and a busy, noisy house. I get more time to relax when I'm working.
Noel Gallagher - There's not enough good things in the world.
Noel Gallagher - You can't afford to think about what might have been. You just be aware of what is.
Noel Gallagher - I'm a little bit of a control freak when it comes to my music, unfortunately.
Noel Gallagher - You can't be a mod and a rocker. You have to choose sides.
Noel Gallagher - Kids and family life are only as good as your wife, and she's amazing.
Noel Gallagher - I'm against people downloading music.
Noel Gallagher - If I were in the Beatles, I'd be a good George Harrison.
Noel Gallagher - We're not arrogant, we just believe we're the best band in the world.
Nolan Bushnell - I just want the future to happen faster. I can't imagine the future without robots.
Nolan Bushnell - The ultimate inspiration is the deadline.
Nolan Bushnell - The truly creative people tend to be outliers.
Nolan Bushnell - I'm the only one who was predicting the Nintendo Wii would beat Sony's PlayStation 3.
Nolan Bushnell - I try to get a vision of the future, and then I try to figure out where the discontinuities are.
Nolan Bushnell - People like secrets. Creative people really like secrets.
Nolan Bushnell - Hire for passion and intensity; there is training for everything else.
Nolan Bushnell - I don't feel 70. I am still looking out from 14-year-old eyes.
Nolan Bushnell - 'Grand Theft Auto', in its deification of antisocial behavior, is where I heap the most of my scorn.
Nolan Bushnell - All schools will end up using game metrics in the future.
Nora Ephron - If pregnancy were a book they would cut the last two chapters.
Nora Ephron - I just bring a black turtleneck sweater everywhere - it's the greatest purchase of my life. Period.
Nora Ephron - The neck starts to go at 43, and that's that.
Nora Ephron - Summer bachelors, like summer breezes, are never as cool as they pretend to be.
Nora Ephron - In my sex fantasy, nobody ever loves me for my mind.
Nora Ephron - As far as the men who are running for president are concerned, they aren't even people I would date.
Nora Ephron - Denial has been a way of life for me for many years. I actually believe in denial.
Nora Ephron - I try to write parts for women that are as complicated and interesting as women actually are.
Nora Ephron - Above all, be the heroine of your life, not the victim.
Nora Ephron - Everything matches black, especially black.
Nora Roberts - In the summer of '80, Silhouette bought my first book.
Nora Roberts - I long for typical days, but rarely get them any more.
Nora Roberts - One of my greatest pleasures is falling into a story someone else has written.
Nora Roberts - If you write in category, you write knowing there's a framework, there are reader expectations.
Nora Roberts - You don't find time to write. You make time. It's my job.
Nora Roberts - I don't fiddle or edit or change while I'm going through that first draft.
Nora Roberts - I don't base any character on a real person, and really don't do composites either. I make them up.
Nora Roberts - The most important aspect of any story, to me, is character.
Nora Roberts - And each book has to receive your best effort every single time. No slacking.
Nora Roberts - I loved the process of writing.
Norah Jones - Without a piano I don't know how to stand, don't know what to do with my hands.
Norah Jones - I don't want to be the next big anything. I just want to play for people and that's it.
Norah Jones - A song will keep going round in my brain and keep me awake.
Norah Jones - I wasn't a trained Mickey Mouse club performer. I played in jazz clubs and restaurants.
Norah Jones - I make a good fried chicken.
Norah Jones - Everyone in my high school was a bit nerdy. We didn't even have a football team.
Norah Jones - Your limitations create your sound.
Norah Jones - For me making music is part social, part interaction, part collaboration.
Norah Jones - It's fun to peek into other people's worlds and see how they go about doing things.
Norah Jones - A record is just a snapshot of where you are at any time.
Norm MacDonald - I'm not gay, so I don't know much about Broadway musicals.
Norm MacDonald - I think clever people think that poor people are stupid.
Norm MacDonald - I always told everybody the perfect joke would be where the setup and punch line were identical.
Norm MacDonald - I love writing - it's the best. But I really hate collaboration.
Norm MacDonald - I never do impressions, but I probably should. People like that stuff.
Norm MacDonald - I never had any interest in sitcoms or motion pictures or anything like that.
Norm MacDonald - You can't love your team without hating another team.
Norm MacDonald - I don't know anything about politics. I wouldn't put too much into my prediction on politics.
Norm MacDonald - It got very tedious saying the same jokes in the same way with the same attitude.
Norm MacDonald - I like doing a funny show where I don't have to act and fall in love with a girl.
Norma McCorvey - The holocaust against the unborn is the greatest sin they could ever do or even ever participate in.
Norma McCorvey - I was the Jane Roe of Roe vs. Wade, but Jane Roe has been laid to rest.
Norma McCorvey - I really didn't know there was two sides to the abortion issue.
Norma McCorvey - I didn't attend any of the court proceedings.
Norma McCorvey - I used the name Jane Roe because I didn't want my personal name to be involved in it.
Norma McCorvey - There's a feminist writer, Naomi Wolfe, who is reconsidering her position on abortion.
Norma McCorvey - It's not your body, it's not your choice, because you got that from God. He gave that to you.
Norma McCorvey - I've got so much to do, I don't have time to sit down and be sad.
Norma McCorvey - I am serving the Lord and helping women save babies.
Norma McCorvey - If they don't care about me, how can they possibly care about anyone else?
Norman Borlaug - Man seems to insist on ignoring the lessons available from history.
Norman Borlaug - Food is the moral right of all who are born into this world.
Norman Borlaug - There are no miracles in agricultural production.
Norman Borlaug - We will be guilty of criminal negligence, without extenuation, if we permit future famines.
Norman Borlaug - If the world population continues to increase at the same rate, we will destroy the species.
Norman Borlaug - Most people still fail to comprehend the magnitude and menace of the 'Population Monster.'
Norman Borlaug - It's amazing how often campaigners in rich countries think poor people don't get backache.
Norman Borlaug - Roads are essential to any type of agricultural development.
Norman Borlaug - Pricing water delivery closer to its real costs is a necessary step to improving use efficiency.
Norman Borlaug - The lack of roads in Africa greatly hinders agriculture, education, and development.
Norman Cousins - Death is not the greatest loss in life. The greatest loss is what dies inside us while we live.
Norman Cousins - History is a vast early warning system.
Norman Cousins - The eternal quest of the individual human being is to shatter his loneliness.
Norman Cousins - Hearty laughter is a good way to jog internally without having to go outdoors.
Norman Cousins - Your heaviest artillery will be your will to live. Keep that big gun going.
Norman Cousins - Life is an adventure in forgiveness.
Norman Cousins - A library is the delivery room for the birth of ideas, a place where history comes to life.
Norman Cousins - Wisdom consists of the anticipation of consequences.
Norman Cousins - Laughter is inner jogging.
Norman Cousins - If something comes to life in others because of you, then you have made an approach to immortality.
Norman Davies - The Black Sea is Eastern Europe's counterpart to the Mediterranean.
Norman Davies - History must give the Poles the principal credit for bringing the Soviet bloc to its knees.
Norman Davies - Poland is the natural bridge between East and West.
Norman Davies - All states and nations, however great, bloom for a season and are replaced.
Norman Davies - Winners of wars get a standing start in the post-war stakes of remembrance.
Norman Davies - A bad historian is even more dangerous than dead documentary wood.
Norman Davies - I find myself sick to death, tired of arguing about details with people who don't know basic facts.
Norman Davies - The United Kingdom is not, and never has been, a nation state.
Norman Davies - The one certainly for anyone in the path of an avalanche is this: standing still is not an option.
Norman Davies - There is a real danger of the United Kingdom breaking up. There is a loss of common identity.
Norman Granz - I'm talking as a professional impresario. I'm not judging anybody at all.
Norman Granz - If you look at my audiences, even in Europe, they're hardly teenagers.
Norman Granz - My juices needed restoring. I needed a sabbatical from the record business.
Norman Granz - Sponsors and networks will really go all out and simply evaluate people on the basis of talent.
Norman Granz - The public, hearing pop music, is, without knowing it, also soaking up jazz.
Norman Granz - As long as we're in a democracy, I have to give what I think the majority of people will enjoy.
Norman Granz - Ellington is a writer and arranger, as well as a musician and leader. He does movie sound tracks.
Norman Granz - For years, Jazz At The Philharmonic albums were the only ones of their kind.
Norman Granz - I allowed artists to play for as long as they felt they could justifiably continue to create.
Norman Granz - I don't know who's 18 years old today that, 20 years hence, is going to be a jazz fan.
Norman Jewison - Betrayal... is my favorite subject.
Norman Jewison - I don't make films to win prizes. I make films to make films.
Norman Jewison - I'm just a storyteller.
Norman Jewison - I'm going to do an adaptation of the Italian film, Bread and Tulips. I really like that film.
Norman Jewison - I work with a lot of movie stars.
Norman Jewison - Do what you're told, and everything will be all right.
Norman Jewison - I'm in the mood for another Moonstruck experience, for another romantic comedy.
Norman Jewison - I was really excited to have the opportunity to make Fiddler.
Norman Jewison - I think you get better as you get older.
Norman Jewison - Moonstruck... was one of the few romantic comedies to be nominated for a Best Picture Oscar.
Norman Lloyd - There's a conflict between what's in your mind and what's in your body.
Norman Lloyd - I'm a pure spirit, ha ha ha!
Norman Lloyd - Connie Bennett, the guys used to stake her, she was so good.
Norman Lloyd - I don't eat shellfish. I drink wine moderately and have one whiskey every evening before dinner.
Norman Lloyd - You must be active; you must be positive, even if things don't go the way you want them to.
Norman Lloyd - I always felt it was necessary to keep up some kind of communication with other people.
Norman Lloyd - I used to watch Babe Ruth for 50 cents. Now, baseball tickets are $400!
Norman Lloyd - Karl Malden! A dear, dear, dear friend. I loved Karl. He was great.
Norman Lloyd - As far as 'St. Elsewhere' goes, I just loved that show.
Norman Lloyd - I'm very fond of Amy Schumer. I think she's terrific, an enormous talent.
Norman Mailer - Hip is the sophistication of the wise primitive in a giant jungle.
Norman Mailer - Sentimentality is the emotional promiscuity of those who have no sentiment.
Norman Mailer - The function of socialism is to raise suffering to a higher level.
Norman Mailer - Culture's worth huge, huge risks. Without culture we're all totalitarian beasts.
Norman Mailer - It's not a good idea to put your wife into a novel; not your latest wife anyway.
Norman Mailer - Tough guys don't dance. You had better believe it.
Norman Mailer - Giving a camera to Diane Arbus is like putting a live grenade in the hands of a child.
Norman Mailer - There is nothing safe about sex. There never will be.
Norman Mailer - I hate everything which is not in myself.
Norman Mailer - The Irish are the only men who know how to cry for the dirty polluted blood of all the world.
Norman Reedus - The dogs with the loudest bark are the ones that are most afraid.
Norman Reedus - I'm certainly honest - and I can be socially awkward.
Norman Reedus - People are pretty strange.
Norman Reedus - I used to hang out with a bunch of old punk rockers when I was a little kid.
Norman Reedus - Damaged people gravitate towards damaged people.
Norman Reedus - You can't not look cool with a crossbow.
Norman Reedus - I don't think anyone wants to cuddle a zombie.
Norman Reedus - Oh, I love horror movies, yeah.
Norman Reedus - If a woman is dishonest, that kills it for me. I can't even talk to her anymore.
Norman Reedus - Peanut Butter Wolf is my relaxing music, my lunch music, my chilling music.
Norman Rockwell - Some folks think I painted Lincoln from life, but I haven't been around that long. Not quite.
Norman Rockwell - I'm the oldest antique in town.
Norman Rockwell - Right from the beginning, I always strived to capture everything I saw as completely as possible.
Norman Rockwell - I'll never have enough time to paint all the pictures I'd like to.
Norman Rockwell - A face in the picture would bother me, so I'd rub it out with the turpentine and do it over.
Norman Rockwell - Here in New England, the character is strong and unshakable.
Norman Rockwell - I'm not going to be caught around here for any fool celebration. To hell with birthdays!
Norman Rockwell - I'm tired, but proud.
Norman Rockwell - You must first spend some time getting your model to relax. Then you'll get a natural expression.
Norman Rockwell - It wouldn't be right for me to clown around when I'm painting a president.
Norman Wisdom - I was born in very sorry circumstances. Both of my parents were very sorry.
Norman Wisdom - All my boyhood, all I ever wanted was to be loved.
Norman Wisdom - I'm still constantly thinking of ideas. I don't feel 90. I think I'm about 12.
Norman Wisdom - You see I'm semi-retired now and don't work all the time, only most of it!
Norman Wisdom - I play drums, clarinet, saxophone, trumpet, french horn, piano.
Norman Wisdom - I was in the band as a boy and was taught music and learned to compose.
Norman Wisdom - I've got one idea I want to do for a film and you know I just enjoy myself doing bits and pieces.
Norman Wisdom - At my age, the radiation will probably do me good.
Norman Wisdom - I can never tell a joke, I've always found it easier to just fall over.
Norman Wisdom - I owe everything to the army.
Normani Kordei - You can't allow someone's hate to dictate your life.
Normani Kordei - Honestly, you cannot go wrong with being yourself.
Normani Kordei - The only person holding you back is you.
Normani Kordei - One thing I look forward to is seeing new places and new people.
Normani Kordei - If we always stay true to ourselves, people will always see that.
Normani Kordei - I think that it's just about balance, keeping myself centered, and being happy and healthy.
Normani Kordei - Unfortunately, there is a lot of abuse and negativity online.
Normani Kordei - When I dance, I escape the present and become one with my soul.
Normani Kordei - My mom is my hero, and I wouldn't be the woman I am today without her.
Normani Kordei - It's impossible for five people to have the exact same ambitions all around.
Novak Djokovic - Joking around is part of my personality, just who I am.
Novak Djokovic - I always tried to win. I was as competitive as I am today.
Novak Djokovic - I am fast and very powerful on the court, so this is what matters.
Novak Djokovic - I want the same thing I've wanted since I was 7 years old. I want to be No. 1.
Novak Djokovic - I've had my ups and downs in my private life.
Novak Djokovic - It was very unusual for a boy to play tennis in my country.
Novak Djokovic - I feel the pressure.
Novak Djokovic - I love being around people who care about me, and I care about them.
Novak Djokovic - I'm happy, my family's happy, everything is going well.
Novak Djokovic - I'm trying not to pay too much attention to the rankings because calculations can distract you.
Nuno Bettencourt - I am affected by what is around. I don't think many people would admit that.
Nuno Bettencourt - Who needs fan mail when you have the Internet?
Nuno Bettencourt - When you are in this business and this career, it's hard for any one thing to engulf you.
Nuno Bettencourt - My current project is my band, Population 1. We are writing, rehearsing and playing in Los Angeles.
Nuno Bettencourt - Live are a really good band. I like Stone Temple Pilots, Radiohead I love. Even Oasis.
Nuno Bettencourt - It's just a bunch of songs. I'm not trying to cure any major disease.
Nuno Bettencourt - I think I'm a music fan before anything else.
Nuno Bettencourt - I never record anything like a demo, I just go for it.
Nuno Bettencourt - Half the bands I guarantee wouldn't at this point want Nuno to open for them.
Nuno Bettencourt - As much as you put into it is as much as you get out of it.
Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan - When people start dancing, they dance like they don't know they are doing it.
Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan - I have tried to make the music a bit easier for them to understand.
Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan - I am not a Sufi, but I follow the Sufi.
Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan - Yes, you've got to sing from the depths of the heart.
Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan - On the fortieth day after his death, we held the ceremony, and I performed for the very first time.
Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan - In his day, the audience was well aware of the music, of the classical beat.
Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan - These three elements are called Qawwali, and they've got to be there.
Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan - I have a daughter, she's twenty years old.
Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan - I also like Western classical music and jazz.
Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan - I do listen to other music though, and try to pick up what is good.
Nyle DiMarco - American Sign Language requires a lot of facial and body expression.
Nyle DiMarco - I think the biggest misconception is that people think deaf people are not able to do things.
Nyle DiMarco - I was born deaf. Sound never existed in my life, and this is completely normal to me.
Nyle DiMarco - I have always aspired to be the type of role model who can bridge the deaf and hearing communities.
Nyle DiMarco - There are so many deaf kids out there being deprived of their own language.
Nyle DiMarco - I got my mathematics degree because I wanted to teach deaf children math.
Nyle DiMarco - I'm fortunate to have blue eyes!
Nyle DiMarco - Own your identity. Love who you are in the world. Love your deafness.
Nyle DiMarco - I'm ready to take the world by storm and have them look at me and say, 'Deaf people can dance.'
Nyle DiMarco - I think we really do need deaf people out there writing their own shows.
O. Henry - The true adventurer goes forth aimless and uncalculating to meet and greet unknown fate.
O. Henry - Turn up the lights. I don't want to go home in the dark.
O. Henry - We may achieve climate, but weather is thrust upon us.
O. Henry - There is one day that is ours. Thanksgiving Day is the one day that is purely American.
O. Henry - A straw vote only shows which way the hot air blows.
O. Henry - By rights you're a king. If I was you, I'd call for a new deal.
O. Henry - If men knew how women pass the time when they are alone, they'd never marry.
O. Henry - When one loves one's Art no service seems too hard.
O. Henry - Life is made up of sobs, sniffles, and smiles, with sniffles predominating.
O. Henry - Write what you like; there is no other rule.
O. J. Simpson - I'm absolutely, l00 percent, not guilty.
O. J. Simpson - I think I've been a great citizen.
O. J. Simpson - Money takes wings. The only thing that endures is character.
O. J. Simpson - I didn't beat her. I just pushed her out of bed.
O. J. Simpson - I'm enjoying the money, the big house, the cars; what ghetto kid wouldn't?
O. J. Simpson - Oh my God, Nicole is killed? Oh my God, she is dead?
O. J. Simpson - I don't know how often I can discuss one incident in my entire life, but I'll continue to do that.
O. J. Simpson - If there wasn't no fight, there wasn't no weekend.
O. J. Simpson - What do you mean you have my children at the police station? Why are my kids at the police station?
O. J. Simpson - I have always wanted to be liked and respected.
Obie Trice - I just do what I'm here for and that's to make that music.
Obie Trice - But since I am in the music industry, I don't want anyone to download music, not on September 9th.
Obie Trice - Downloading songs is not good.
Obie Trice - Beef is beef, you know. Beef comes, so Beef is real.
Obie Trice - Working with 50 Cent was great, you know what Im saying? It was just great to work with 50 Cent.
Obie Trice - I'm the 1st black platinum artist in Detroit, solo artist in Detroit.
Obie Trice - I get the music, I get the beats. And I go to the studios and write the lyrics.
Obie Trice - Detroit is right now a new Mecca for Hip Hop.
Obie Trice - 7 Mile is like an Ave. Back in the days it was poppin' in the summer time.
Obie Trice - I just don't want to be rapping forever. I love it, but sometimes you got goals for yourself.
Octavia E. Butler - Every story I create, creates me. I write to create myself.
Octavia E. Butler - Delusional pain hurts just as much as pain from actual trauma. So what if it's all in your head?
Octavia E. Butler - Science fiction frees you to go anyplace and examine anything.
Octavia E. Butler - Science fiction is not formulaic.
Octavia E. Butler - I used to give up writing like some people would give up smoking.
Octavia E. Butler - I think people really need to think what it's like to have all of society arrayed against you.
Octavia E. Butler - I'm very happy alone.
Octavia E. Butler - Most of us, if we're not careful, tend to dehumanize the enemy.
Octavia E. Butler - The big talent is persistence.
Octavia E. Butler - How dull it is to have people defining you.
Octavia Spencer - The way to bring about change is to be proactive and active.
Octavia Spencer - We all have hourglass figures; your sand just settles in different places.
Octavia Spencer - To be silent is to be passive.
Octavia Spencer - You have to create your own path and I'm up to the challenge.
Octavia Spencer - I am an advocate of education. It is the panacea for all that ails us in our society.
Octavia Spencer - Tough love is the hardest to give.
Octavia Spencer - No person is just one particular emotion.
Octavia Spencer - The hardest thing about writing, for me, is facing the blank page.
Octavia Spencer - Life is too short, and I need to eat. I am my meanest when I haven't had a meal.
Octavia Spencer - I want to be proactive in bringing about change and enlightening people.
Octavio Paz - Deserve your dream.
Octavio Paz - Love is an attempt at penetrating another being, but it can only succeed if the surrender is mutual.
Octavio Paz - Perhaps things are not things but words: metaphors, words for other things.
Octavio Paz - Wisdom lies neither in fixity nor in change, but in the dialectic between the two.
Octavio Paz - Social criticism begins with grammar and the re-establishing of meanings.
Octavio Paz - We are condemned to kill time, thus we die bit by bit.
Octavio Paz - To read a poem is to hear it with our eyes; to hear it is to see it with our ears.
Octavio Paz - What distinguishes modern art from the art of other ages is criticism.
Octavio Paz - Writers, you know, are the beggars of Western society.
Octavio Paz - The world stretches before me, the vast world of the big, the little, and the medium.
Odell Beckham, Jr. - I've personally never had the chance to go to Lambeau Field.
Odell Beckham, Jr. - I'm competitive. I don't like to lose.
Odell Beckham, Jr. - I get these weird divine feelings. They're, like, so strong I can't shake them.
Odell Beckham, Jr. - Football is my sanctuary. It's where I go to escape. It's where I'm most happy.
Odell Beckham, Jr. - I'm trying to do big things. It doesn't matter whether it's on the field or off the field.
Odell Beckham, Jr. - Basketball players aren't always the best dressers.
Odell Beckham, Jr. - I never want any problems with anybody in this world.
Odell Beckham, Jr. - I pretty much look like an identical twin of my mom.
Odell Beckham, Jr. - I hate losing. Whether it's marbles, spades, blackjack, whatever it is.
Odell Beckham, Jr. - Sure enough, my life has been filled with some pretty interesting things every single day.
Og Mandino - Always do your best. What you plant now, you will harvest later.
Og Mandino - Failure will never overtake me if my determination to succeed is strong enough.
Og Mandino - Always render more and better service than is expected of you, no matter what your task may be.
Og Mandino - Always seek out the seed of triumph in every adversity.
Og Mandino - There is an immeasurable distance between late and too late.
Og Mandino - Treasure the love you receive above all. It will survive long after your good health has vanished.
Og Mandino - I have never heard anything about the resolutions of the apostles, but a good deal about their acts.
Og Mandino - Tomorrow is only found in the calendar of fools.
Og Mandino - You never know what events are going to transpire to get you home.
Og Mandino - Do all things with love.
Ogden Nash - Parents were invented to make children happy by giving them something to ignore.
Ogden Nash - Progress might have been alright once, but it has gone on too long.
Ogden Nash - A door is what a dog is perpetually on the wrong side of.
Ogden Nash - Life is not having been told that the man has just waxed the floor.
Ogden Nash - Happiness is having a scratch for every itch.
Ogden Nash - If you don't want to work you have to work to earn enough money so that you won't have to work.
Ogden Nash - No, you never get any fun out of the things you haven't done.
Ogden Nash - Candy is dandy but liquor is quicker.
Ogden Nash - Too clever is dumb.
Ogden Nash - The trouble with a kitten is that eventually it becomes a cat.
Oksana Baiul - I wish I could compete again, but my good feeling is, these competitions are better as exhibitions.
Oksana Baiul - No, I'm not coaching. It's a huge responsibility to coach somebody.
Oksana Baiul - Actually I dance really well on the floor.
Oksana Baiul - And still I'm not completely happy with my skating. I always feel I can do more and climb higher.
Oksana Baiul - I come to Fashion Week events in New York City twice a year.
Oksana Baiul - I don't care what the critics say or think because I care for and love my fans.
Oksana Baiul - I skate now for fun and to keep myself in shape.
Oksana Baiul - I started taking ballet lessons when I was three and a half and I still take dance classes.
Oksana Baiul - I use Graf Edmonton for boots and John Wilson blades.
Oksana Baiul - I want kids to enjoy skating and I think it's a great workout.
Oleg Cassini - Fashion anticipates.
Oleg Cassini - The first lady must be a leader. She must not be a follower.
Oleg Cassini - My goal in life was to pursue the good life.
Oleg Cassini - My philosophy is this: Do not tamper with the anatomy of a woman's body; do not camouflage it.
Oleg Cassini - A woman who laughs is a woman conquered.
Oleg Cassini - Today's designers don't care if fashion has no relationship to human anatomy.
Oleg Cassini - Clothes are designed for the media, because it's a great show.
Oleg Cassini - I am a great believer in luck.
Oleg Cassini - I'm the first American designer who went all over the world.
Oleg Cassini - I was brought up in Florence, a beautiful medieval town whose rhythm is completely in antiquity.
Olga Kurylenko - I love boats. I can be on a boat for days.
Olga Kurylenko - I love badminton. That's my sport!
Olga Kurylenko - We were born and we die. In between, I think we try to live as best we can.
Olga Kurylenko - I hate jealousy, I hate possessiveness. I'm nobody's possession.
Olga Kurylenko - Music evokes so many feelings in us, memories, nostalgia, things that are connected to our past.
Olga Kurylenko - When you love someone, you should see beyond their image.
Olga Kurylenko - When you live in a small town in the Ukraine, you definitely want to go to Paris.
Olga Kurylenko - I like men who paint or write or do something creative.
Olga Kurylenko - Being single is only sad if you have a problem with your own company. I'm content with mine.
Olga Kurylenko - In Paris, everybody is in black! But you know, in Ukraine everyone wears bright colours.
Oliver Cromwell - He who stops being better stops being good.
Oliver Cromwell - Nature can do more than physicians.
Oliver Cromwell - A few honest men are better than numbers.
Oliver Cromwell - Subtlety may deceive you; integrity never will.
Oliver Cromwell - Necessity has no law.
Oliver Cromwell - I beseech you, in the bowels of Christ, think it possible you may be mistaken.
Oliver Cromwell - Keep your faith in God, but keep your powder dry.
Oliver Cromwell - We are Englishmen; that is one good fact.
Oliver Cromwell - Put your trust in God; but be sure to keep your powder dry.
Oliver Cromwell - No one rises so high as he who knows not whither he is going.
Oliver Goldsmith - Life is a journey that must be traveled no matter how bad the roads and accommodations.
Oliver Goldsmith - I love everything that's old, - old friends, old times, old manners, old books, old wine.
Oliver Goldsmith - The company of fools may first make us smile, but in the end we always feel melancholy.
Oliver Goldsmith - I chose my wife, as she did her wedding gown, for qualities that would wear well.
Oliver Goldsmith - Success consists of getting up just one more time than you fall.
Oliver Goldsmith - Hope is such a bait, it covers any hook.
Oliver Goldsmith - Honour sinks where commerce long prevails.
Oliver Goldsmith - The jests of the rich are ever successful.
Oliver Goldsmith - Every absurdity has a champion to defend it.
Oliver Goldsmith - You can preach a better sermon with your life than with your lips.
Oliver Herford - Many are called but few get up.
Oliver Herford - When I go abroad I always sail from Boston because it is such a pleasant place to get away from.
Oliver Herford - Modesty: the gentle art of enhancing your charm by pretending not to be aware of it.
Oliver Herford - Only the young die good.
Oliver Herford - There is always room at the top - after the investigation.
Oliver Herford - Tact: to lie about others as you would have them lie about you.
Oliver Herford - What is my loftiest ambition? I've always wanted to throw an egg at an electric fan.
Oliver Herford - A rolling stone gathers no moss, but it gains a certain polish.
Oliver Herford - A woman's mind is cleaner than a man's: She changes it more often.
Oliver Herford - A man is known by the silence he keeps.
Oliver North - I never considered myself a fall guy. I know what I did. I know why I did it. I'm not ashamed of it.
Oliver North - I was authorized to do everything that I did.
Oliver North - I'm trusting in the Lord and a good lawyer.
Oliver North - I came here to tell you the truth, the good, the bad and the ugly.
Oliver North - I thought using the Ayatollah's money to support the Nicaraguan resistance was a neat idea.
Oliver North - God knows, we don't want prayer.
Oliver North - And of course there is so much of World War II that is documented that we never have seen.
Oliver North - I'm still in touch with a lot people who continue to serve our country well.
Oliver North - Bill Clinton is not my commander-in-chief.
Oliver North - Writers are storytellers. So are readers.
Oliver Reed - I'm not a villain, I've never hurt anyone. I'm just a tawdry character who explodes now and again.
Oliver Reed - I like to give my inhibitions a bath now and then.
Oliver Reed - I believe my woman shouldn't work outside the home.
Oliver Reed - I don't like doing most things unless I can do them quite well.
Oliver Reed - I do think a carpenter needs a good hammer to bang in the nail.
Oliver Reed - I also use women as a sex object; maybe I'm kinky. However, I like to talk to them as well.
Oliver Reed - I'm not as thrilled with myself as I used to be.
Oliver Reed - Even though people say Richard Harris and I have been having a great feud, it's not true.
Oliver Reed - I like the effect drink has on me.
Oliver Reed - I do not live in the world of sobriety.
Oliver Sim - The darkness of clubs makes me feel much more secure, and you can hide behind smoke and lights.
Oliver Sim - 'Coexist' was tough to make.
Oliver Sim - In our school, there were lots of bands putting up posters saying 'Come to our gigs'.
Oliver Sim - I don't find touring very creative. There's not much time to yourself with your instruments.
Oliver Sim - I can't even imagine how it must be to be a solo artist playing with session musicians.
Oliver Sim - The xx do not condone guns!
Oliver Sim - I've never felt any huge intrusions into my personal life.
Oliver Sim - I was just making music in my bedroom. I never wanted to be onstage.
Oliver Sim - Romy and I, we're learning how to share the xx with people who aren't in the xx.
Oliver Sim - As cliched as it sounds, I'm taking every day as it comes.
Oliver Stone - There's an electrical thing about movies.
Oliver Stone - I'm terrible at horror movies, by the way. I get scared so easily.
Oliver Stone - I study history in order to give an interpretation.
Oliver Stone - When you look at a movie, you look at a director's thought process.
Oliver Stone - I do believe that movies are subject to a million interpretations.
Oliver Stone - I never put out a history, I put out a dramatic history.
Oliver Stone - I think that many people in history who had power were bumped off because they had power.
Oliver Stone - In any film there's always a historical implication.
Oliver Stone - Lunch is for wimps.
Oliver Stone - I'd love to do historical pictures more, but I don't know if I can.
Oliver Tambo - The true facts are not always obvious. They often have to be looked for.
Oliver Tambo - We seek to create a united Democratic and non-racial society.
Oliver Tambo - In Holy Cross, I came to like school, to like studying in a way I had never done before.
Oliver Tambo - Apartheid either is or is not. And it must not be.
Oliver Tambo - We all belong to South Africa, and South Africa belongs to us all.
Oliver Tambo - In South Africa, I feel I am a stranger, at best an animal.
Oliver Tambo - It was always my desire to strike new ground and help to lend weight where it was most required.
Oliver Tambo - To go back means defeat.
Oliver Tambo - The more pressure you bring from without, the less internal pressure is necessary.
Oliver Tambo - Apartheid is inherently a practice of violence.
Oliver Wendell Holmes, Jr. - A mind that is stretched by a new experience can never go back to its old dimensions.
Oliver Wendell Holmes, Jr. - Every idea is an incitement... eloquence may set fire to reason.
Oliver Wendell Holmes, Jr. - Beware how you take away hope from another human being.
Oliver Wendell Holmes, Jr. - Life is painting a picture, not doing a sum.
Oliver Wendell Holmes, Jr. - The mode by which the inevitable comes to pass is effort.
Oliver Wendell Holmes, Jr. - When in doubt, do it.
Oliver Wendell Holmes, Jr. - A man is usually more careful of his money than of his principles.
Oliver Wendell Holmes, Jr. - People talk fundamentals and superlatives and then make some changes of detail.
Oliver Wendell Holmes, Jr. - Men must turn square corners when they deal with the Government.
Oliver Wendell Holmes, Jr. - Certitude is not the test of certainty. We have been cocksure of many things that were not so.
Oliver Wendell Holmes, Sr. - Where we love is home - home that our feet may leave, but not our hearts.
Oliver Wendell Holmes, Sr. - But friendship is the breathing rose, with sweets in every fold.
Oliver Wendell Holmes, Sr. - The young man knows the rules, but the old man knows the exceptions.
Oliver Wendell Holmes, Sr. - The Amen of nature is always a flower.
Oliver Wendell Holmes, Sr. - Speak clearly, if you speak at all; carve every word before you let it fall.
Oliver Wendell Holmes, Sr. - It is the province of knowledge to speak, and it is the privilege of wisdom to listen.
Oliver Wendell Holmes, Sr. - A moment's insight is sometimes worth a life's experience.
Oliver Wendell Holmes, Sr. - Love prefers twilight to daylight.
Oliver Wendell Holmes, Sr. - Some people are so heavenly minded that they are no earthly good.
Oliver Wendell Holmes, Sr. - The mind of a bigot to the pupil of the eye; the more light you pour on it, the more it contracts.
Olivia Colman - I don't like the bullying, do-one-over style of comedy. It's so cheap.
Olivia Colman - I am just an actor - all I do is I memorise someone else's words and tart around.
Olivia Colman - I have done Botox, and I loved it.
Olivia Colman - I always assumed I'd be a terribly patient mum but it turns out I'm not!
Olivia Colman - Acting is playing, and it is like being a big kid. Yeah, it's great. You get paid.
Olivia Colman - I can't bear kissing scenes.
Olivia Colman - Actually, lots of women, when they're pregnant, feel like steel. They feel incredible.
Olivia Colman - I'm always keen to have more training as a charity patron.
Olivia Colman - I think I remember being held by my mum as a baby.
Olivia Colman - I've been with my husband and friends for so long, I've forgotten what is unappealing to new people.
Olivia Culpo - I have to have coffee in the morning.
Olivia Culpo - Ryan Gosling's, like, my crush, but I don't really pay attention to his personal style.
Olivia Culpo - Heartbreak is hard, but you find more and more things to be grateful for every day.
Olivia Culpo - There is no ideal body. It's just taking what you have and working it.
Olivia Culpo - Well I love preppy style; I like J. Crew for guys.
Olivia Culpo - I'm a real girly-girl.
Olivia Culpo - I was taught to value hard work. At the end of day, I'm just Olivia.
Olivia Culpo - I want a gentleman. Someone with manners.
Olivia Culpo - Pineapple reduces swelling.
Olivia Culpo - Every day is a blessing.
Olivia Munn - I was a big fan of Super Troopers, so working with the Broken Lizard guys was so much fun.
Olivia Munn - I want you to like me, but I don't care if you don't.
Olivia Munn - If you think something's funny, go with that. Most comedians pull jokes from a place of honesty.
Olivia Munn - Basically, I'm living the life of an actress in L.A. And I've recently had some pretty good fortune.
Olivia Munn - I'm really sarcastic. Not Morgan Webb sarcastic. She's dry, 100%. I'm different from her.
Olivia Munn - I literally hate working out.
Olivia Munn - If you stand up for women, then don't bash me.
Olivia Munn - I never tried to use anything besides my own sweat and blood and talent to get somewhere.
Olivia Munn - I'm easy to hate. I get it.
Olivia Munn - I was in a military family, so by the time I was 13 I'd lived in six different places.
Olivia Newton-John - My memories are inside me - they're not things or a place - I can take them anywhere.
Olivia Newton-John - I'm happy, and I think being happy keeps you looking young.
Olivia Newton-John - To me luxury is to be at home with my daughter, and the occasional massage doesn't hurt.
Olivia Newton-John - I love life and nothing intimidates me anymore.
Olivia Newton-John - I don't know what my path is yet. I'm just walking on it.
Olivia Newton-John - I'm so happy with 'Grease' and 'Xanadu,' particularly because of the music in both films.
Olivia Newton-John - Being in love is the best thing in my life.
Olivia Newton-John - I live every day to its fullest extent and I don't sweat the small stuff.
Olivia Newton-John - Family, nature and health all go together.
Olivia Newton-John - I love that quiet time when nobody's up and the animals are all happy to see me.
Olivia Wilde - Only the really young are fearless, have the optimism, the romanticism to take unimaginable risks.
Olivia Wilde - I think what ruins relationships and causes most fights is insecurity.
Olivia Wilde - If you fall off a horse, you get back up. I am not a quitter.
Olivia Wilde - I used to experiment all the time with my hair color.
Olivia Wilde - If I'm left high and dry at the end of this wild journey, just taking it is a great feeling.
Olivia Wilde - Oh God, to think that you only fall in love once in your entire life is such a depressing thought.
Olivia Wilde - I love yoga and hiking - I think that's the perfect combo.
Olivia Wilde - Not everything has to be a couples' event.
Olivia Wilde - At one point I thought changing my name might help with privacy, but that was before the Internet.
Olivia Wilde - I was a handful growing up.
Olivier Martinez - It's nice to have some distance with your family. As long as you're closer to them by love.
Olivier Martinez - I'm not a movie star like other actors in the way that I need to walk with a bodyguard.
Olivier Martinez - I don't want to dig in the truth all of the time. Let me dream.
Olivier Martinez - Imagination creates some big monsters.
Olivier Martinez - It's like all the signs were telling me that I shouldn't be a boxer, so I quit.
Olivier Martinez - People sometimes recognize me here, but they are very nice.
Olivier Martinez - Love is based on imagination.
Olivier Martinez - I'll always be a foreigner.
Olivier Martinez - If you want to be happy, live discreetly. Does that make sense in English?
Olivier Martinez - I never analyze why I was with one woman instead of another.
Olivier Theyskens - Our eyes reflect light. Better that the lips are more like a rose petal.
Olivier Theyskens - I could live naked... I love it.
Olivier Theyskens - My sense of designing is a mix of intuition and intellectual control.
Olivier Theyskens - I am not a designer that buys vintage to be inspired.
Olivier Theyskens - What is sure is that the satellite view of our world and its evolution is now a common reality.
Olivier Theyskens - I really hated school. I had the feeling I was losing a lot of time.
Olivier Theyskens - I'm kind of obsessed with cool girls.
Olivier Theyskens - In fashion, we don't often know the prices. We don't have time to go into the stores.
Olivier Theyskens - I didn't understand the advantages of staying active until I was about 27.
Olivier Theyskens - I rarely stay at home when I'm in New York. I'm always doing things. It brings you so much energy.
Olly Murs - The first bit of vinyl I bought was Michael Jackson's 'Bad.'
Olly Murs - To be the most successful male from 'The X Factor' is a big achievement, and I'm chuffed with that.
Olly Murs - I lost 'The X Factor,' and I lost 'Deal or No Deal' twice. I'm good at losing game shows.
Olly Murs - I find it frustrating when people wear belts with braces. That's an interesting one.
Olly Murs - I'm just an instant flirt with most people. I'm very cheeky.
Olly Murs - I'm a keen runner, so I try to fit in a half hour every other day.
Olly Murs - I always wanted to be in a boy band since I was a kid.
Olly Murs - I wouldn't like my fans going through my rubbish.
Olly Murs - I don't really do sad, depressing songs.
Olly Murs - I'd love to meet the right girl and have a family. I'm very broody.
OMI - It's not every day you get to do what you love and have a major story behind it.
OMI - I try to stay focused.
OMI - I love hats. On tour, it's difficult to stop in at a barber. It's good to have a hat nearby.
OMI - The thing about metaphors is that, if you give them away, you give away the mystery.
OMI - My stage name is actually my nickname given to me by my dad when I was a baby.
OMI - I am not a dancehall artist, and I am not a reggae artist.
OMI - I've never hidden the fact that I'm Jamaican; I will never disown my roots or influences.
OMI - I have an appreciation for everywhere I've been so far.
OMI - Fan reactions are crazy sometimes.
OMI - The quality of a timeless song is that it's catchy, meaningful and relatable.
Oprah Winfrey - The biggest adventure you can take is to live the life of your dreams.
Oprah Winfrey - The more you praise and celebrate your life, the more there is in life to celebrate.
Oprah Winfrey - Think like a queen. A queen is not afraid to fail. Failure is another steppingstone to greatness.
Oprah Winfrey - You can either see yourself as a wave in the ocean or you can see yourself as the ocean.
Oprah Winfrey - Passion is energy. Feel the power that comes from focusing on what excites you.
Oprah Winfrey - Surround yourself with only people who are going to lift you higher.
Oprah Winfrey - Where there is no struggle, there is no strength.
Oprah Winfrey - I still have my feet on the ground, I just wear better shoes.
Oprah Winfrey - Turn your wounds into wisdom.
Oprah Winfrey - My idea of heaven is a great big baked potato and someone to share it with.
Orhan Pamuk - Life is short, and we should respect every moment of it.
Orhan Pamuk - I see Turkey's future as being in Europe, as one of many prosperous, tolerant, democratic countries.
Orhan Pamuk - The opponents of this process have always tried to vilify westernization as a poor imitation.
Orhan Pamuk - Being a fiction writer makes you someone who works with irresponsibility.
Orhan Pamuk - We fall in love more deeply when we're unhappy.
Orhan Pamuk - I write a world where everyone is partly right.
Orhan Pamuk - When I paint, I definitely live in the present, like someone in a shower whistling or singing.
Orhan Pamuk - I always enjoy impersonating my characters in the first-person singular.
Orhan Pamuk - I think less than people think I do about politics. I care about writing.
Orhan Pamuk - I really don't want to portray the Islamists as simply evil, the way it's often done in the west.
Oriana Fallaci - You cannot work and be at home with your child. But you want both.
Oriana Fallaci - I don't hide. I never have. I stay at home because I like to stay at home, and at home I work.
Oriana Fallaci - I am disgusted by the anti-Semitism of many Italians, of many Europeans.
Oriana Fallaci - I am a danger to myself if I get angry.
Oriana Fallaci - Heroes can be sweet.
Oriana Fallaci - Glory is a heavy burden, a murdering poison, and to bear it is an art. And to have that art is rare.
Oriana Fallaci - I have expressed my opinion through the written word through my books, that is all.
Oriana Fallaci - It must be terribly lonely to be a king instead of a man.
Oriana Fallaci - I know I am a writer; it is the only thing I am sure of.
Oriana Fallaci - The most humiliating thing a woman can be is a coquette.
Orison Swett Marden - The golden rule for every business man is this: 'Put yourself in your customer's place.'
Orison Swett Marden - We make the world we live in and shape our own environment.
Orison Swett Marden - All men who have achieved great things have been great dreamers.
Orison Swett Marden - Our trials, our sorrows, and our grieves develop us.
Orison Swett Marden - A will finds a way.
Orison Swett Marden - Put the uncommon effort into the common task... make it large by doing it in a great way.
Orison Swett Marden - It is what we do easily and what we like to do that we do well.
Orison Swett Marden - The hand cannot reach higher than does the heart.
Orison Swett Marden - The influential man is the successful man, whether he be rich or poor.
Orison Swett Marden - It is like the seed put in the soil - the more one sows, the greater the harvest.
Orlando Bloom - Being a gentleman is a worthy goal.
Orlando Bloom - I just want to have a nice, happy life.
Orlando Bloom - The best way to look stylish on a budget is to try second-hand, bargain hunting, and vintage.
Orlando Bloom - Sofia Coppola is wonderful, and I'd love to work with her.
Orlando Bloom - People think getting a new partner is like getting a new car.
Orlando Bloom - Having people jumping in front of you taking a photo can be unnerving.
Orlando Bloom - Whatever happens in life is fine - just trust in that.
Orlando Bloom - Elves are cool, man.
Orlando Bloom - I am a hopeless romantic and I love to spoil my girlfriends.
Orlando Bloom - I'm still at the beginning of my career. It's all a little new, and I'm still learning as I go.
Orson Scott Card - Metaphors have a way of holding the most truth in the least space.
Orson Scott Card - Unemployment is capitalism's way of getting you to plant a garden.
Orson Scott Card - As long as you keep getting born, it's alright to die some times.
Orson Scott Card - I hope I am remembered by my children as a good father.
Orson Scott Card - Among my most prized possessions are words that I have never spoken.
Orson Scott Card - You who speak languages, you are such liars.
Orson Scott Card - I don't believe that there are aliens. I believe there are really different people.
Orson Scott Card - The lies we live will always be confessed in the stories that we tell.
Orson Scott Card - Working is hard and distracts from having fun.
Orson Scott Card - One mind can think only of its own questions; it rarely surprises itself.
Orson Welles - Create your own visual style... let it be unique for yourself and yet identifiable for others.
Orson Welles - Nobody gets justice. People only get good luck or bad luck.
Orson Welles - If you want a happy ending, that depends, of course, on where you stop your story.
Orson Welles - I have an unfortunate personality.
Orson Welles - I've spent most of my mature life trying to prove that I'm not irresponsible.
Orson Welles - The enemy of art is the absence of limitations.
Orson Welles - My doctor told me to stop having intimate dinners for four. Unless there are three other people.
Orson Welles - I don't say we all ought to misbehave, but we ought to look as if we could.
Orson Welles - Nobody who takes on anything big and tough can afford to be modest.
Orson Welles - When you are down and out something always turns up - and it is usually the noses of your friends.
Oscar de la Renta - Fashion is about dressing according to what's fashionable. Style is more about being yourself.
Oscar de la Renta - The qualities I most admire in women are confidence and kindness.
Oscar de la Renta - Gardening is how I relax. It's another form of creating and playing with colors.
Oscar de la Renta - I like light, color, luminosity. I like things full of color and vibrant.
Oscar de la Renta - I always say: To be well dressed you must be well naked.
Oscar de la Renta - I don't really know how to do casual clothes.
Oscar de la Renta - The great thing about fashion is that it always looks forward.
Oscar de la Renta - Every season I am inspired by women.
Oscar de la Renta - Online media is increasingly influential in fashion.
Oscar de la Renta - I wanted this, I wanted to do this, but my work is me, and it has to be right.
Oscar Isaac - 'Mojave' is a very wild, throwback film with these two dudes going after each other.
Oscar Isaac - I like being like a chameleon who transforms himself with each role.
Oscar Isaac - 'Cool' is detached and emotionally cool. My instinct is to battle anything that seems overly cool.
Oscar Isaac - You can't try to be authentic. You either are or you aren't.
Oscar Isaac - J. J. Abrams is amazing.
Oscar Isaac - I get attached to things: I wear the same jeans for a year.
Oscar Isaac - For me, with a character, you start with the shoes.
Oscar Isaac - With Shakespeare, there's no subtext; you're speaking exactly what you're thinking constantly.
Oscar Isaac - I guess 'Scarface' was the Cuban Al Pacino.
Oscar Isaac - If you start trying to communicate ideas, I think you don't allow the audience to see themselves.
Oscar Levant - Roses are red, violets are blue, I'm schizophrenic, and so am I.
Oscar Levant - Every time I look at you I get a fierce desire to be lonesome.
Oscar Levant - Schizophrenia beats dining alone.
Oscar Levant - Once I make up my mind, I'm full of indecision.
Oscar Levant - Underneath this flabby exterior is an enormous lack of character.
Oscar Levant - I've given up reading books. I find it takes my mind off myself.
Oscar Levant - Happiness isn't something you experience; it's something you remember.
Oscar Levant - What the world needs is more geniuses with humility; there are so few of us left.
Oscar Levant - I'm a study of a man in chaos in search of frenzy.
Oscar Levant - There's a fine line between genius and insanity. I have erased this line.
Oscar Niemeyer - Curves are the essence of my work because they are the essence of Brazil, pure and simple.
Oscar Niemeyer - Right angles don't attract me. Nor straight, hard and inflexible lines created by man.
Oscar Niemeyer - Architecture is invention.
Oscar Niemeyer - The artistic capability of reinforced concrete is so fantastic - that is the way to go.
Oscar Niemeyer - I like talking to priests, to Catholics. Everyone has their beliefs.
Oscar Niemeyer - The challenge of a cathedral is very good for architectural inventiveness.
Oscar Niemeyer - I am a Brazilian before I am an architect. I cannot separate the two.
Oscar Niemeyer - I search for surprise in my architecture. A work of art should cause the emotion of newness.
Oscar Niemeyer - Surprise is key in all art.
Oscar Niemeyer - It was the drawing that led me to architecture, the search for light and astonishing forms.
Oscar Nunez - I like game shows.
Oscar Nunez - I still use quill and parchment. I do e-mails, and I write, but I don't go around surfing too much.
Oscar Nunez - I'm pretty much a straight guy on 'The Office.' We can't all be crazies. You need some balance.
Oscar Nunez - I've always loved improv. It's my thing.
Oscar Nunez - I am Cuban, my parents are Cuban, and I was not adopted.
Oscar Nunez - I've always just been attracted to comedy.
Oscar Nunez - Stand-up, I find it really difficult. It's not really my thing.
Oscar Nunez - Life in California is beautiful.
Oscar Nunez - Quality attracts quality. People want to be on a good show.
Oscar Nunez - Ricky Gervais is a genius.
Oscar Robertson - If you're a basketball player, you've got to shoot.
Oscar Robertson - Basketball is basketball.
Oscar Robertson - But I like to think an athlete is an athlete.
Oscar Robertson - I don't think that players learn how to play any other aspect of the game in high school or college.
Oscar Robertson - I think that basketball players should get the job done no matter how it looks on the screen.
Oscar Robertson - I was taught to play that way when I was in high school and even before I got to high school.
Oscar Robertson - Now, I guess, people want stars. People are trying to invent stars.
Oscar Robertson - This is where young players today want to land. They want to be NBA players because of the money.
Oscar Robertson - We're all Americans trying to compete. Magic was competing for his team and Larry for his team.
Oscar Robertson - When you play guard, you're not going to block a lot of shots. Inside, you're going to block shots.
Ottmar Hitzfeld - My coaching days are now over, and I'm proud of what I've achieved.
Ottmar Hitzfeld - We always go into a game to win.
Ottmar Hitzfeld - Guardiola focuses only on the tactics.
Ottmar Hitzfeld - It's very likely that I will finish my career as Swiss national coach.
Ottmar Hitzfeld - Every change in a team can turn into an opportunity for players to show themselves.
Ottmar Hitzfeld - I am still hungry; I still hate defeats. There is no substitute for victories.
Ottmar Hitzfeld - As long as there is a mathematical chance, we have to keep on going.
Ottmar Hitzfeld - I can live without football. There are more important things in life.
Ottmar Hitzfeld - I have never broken a contract in my career.
Ottmar Hitzfeld - I am proud of my career.
Otto von Bismarck - Laws are like sausages, it is better not to see them being made.
Otto von Bismarck - People never lie so much as after a hunt, during a war or before an election.
Otto von Bismarck - Never believe anything in politics until it has been officially denied.
Otto von Bismarck - To retain respect for sausages and laws, one must not watch them in the making.
Otto von Bismarck - Politics is the art of the possible.
Otto von Bismarck - Be polite; write diplomatically; even in a declaration of war one observes the rules of politeness.
Otto von Bismarck - Politics ruins the character.
Otto von Bismarck - The secret of politics? Make a good treaty with Russia.
Otto von Bismarck - When you want to fool the world, tell the truth.
Otto von Bismarck - There is a Providence that protects idiots, drunkards, children and the United States of America.
Ovid - The sharp thorn often produces delicate roses.
Ovid - In our leisure we reveal what kind of people we are.
Ovid - Everyone's a millionaire where promises are concerned.
Ovid - A man is sorry to be honest for nothing.
Ovid - Beauty is a fragile gift.
Ovid - Endure and persist; this pain will turn to good by and by.
Ovid - Art lies by its own artifice.
Ovid - What is without periods of rest will not endure.
Ovid - Let what is irksome become habitual, no more will it trouble you.
Ovid - Venus favors the bold.
Ozzy Osbourne - It's all part of my journey - I've done a lot of stupid things, but you learn by your mistakes.
Ozzy Osbourne - I couldn't be a royal. It's like living in a supersonic goldfish bowl.
Ozzy Osbourne - L.A.'s not a good place to grow old.
Ozzy Osbourne - I'm dyslexic, I have attention-deficit disorder, and I've got something like a hereditary tremor.
Ozzy Osbourne - I got rabies shots for biting the head off a bat but that's OK - the bat had to get Ozzy shots.
Ozzy Osbourne - I knew it was time to get off of reality TV when someone asked me if I sang as well as acted.
Ozzy Osbourne - Rock music is not meant to be perfect.
Ozzy Osbourne - To be a liar, you've got to have a great memory, and I don't have a memory.
Ozzy Osbourne - Of all the things I've lost I miss my mind the most.
Ozzy Osbourne - I used to fantasize that Paul McCartney would marry my sister.
P. G. Wodehouse - Flowers are happy things.
P. G. Wodehouse - Memories are like mulligatawny soup in a cheap restaurant. It is best not to stir them.
P. G. Wodehouse - There is only one cure for gray hair. It was invented by a Frenchman. It is called the guillotine.
P. G. Wodehouse - Few of them were to be trusted within reach of a trowel and a pile of bricks.
P. G. Wodehouse - I just sit at a typewriter and curse a bit.
P. G. Wodehouse - To find a man's true character, play golf with him.
P. G. Wodehouse - Why don't you get a haircut? You look like a chrysanthemum.
P. G. Wodehouse - He was white and shaken, like a dry martini.
P. G. Wodehouse - I could see that, if not actually disgruntled, he was far from being gruntled.
P. G. Wodehouse - She had a penetrating sort of laugh. Rather like a train going into a tunnel.
Pablo Casals - To retire is to die.
Pablo Casals - The most perfect technique is that which is not noticed at all.
Pablo Casals - You must work - we must all work to make the world worthy of its children.
Pablo Casals - The first thing to do in life is to do with purpose what one purposes to do.
Pablo Casals - The art of interpretation is not to play what is written.
Pablo Casals - To retire is to begin to die.
Pablo Casals - Music is the divine way to tell beautiful, poetic things to the heart.
Pablo Casals - The love of one's country is a splendid thing. But why should love stop at the border?
Pablo Casals - I feel the capacity to care is the thing which gives life its deepest significance.
Pablo Casals - Music will save the world.
Paloma Faith - There's nothing better than achieving your goals, whatever they might be.
Paloma Faith - I'm really into food; it's one of my favourite things - everything from potato waffles to lobster.
Paloma Faith - There's nothing wrong with a thick eyebrow; Frida Kahlo had them.
Paloma Faith - Sometimes when you've got too much money you lose your imagination.
Paloma Faith - We all get old, but I always say the skinny, pretty girls will be screwed.
Paloma Faith - Dressing up is like therapy; I feel better in myself when I've made an effort.
Paloma Faith - I enjoy being a girl.
Paloma Faith - It's amazing living alone. I'm very lucky. It's like a refuge.
Paloma Faith - Celebrity culture is an aspirational culture regardless of how much you don't want it to be.
Paloma Faith - I think everybody should focus on inner beauty.
Pam Grier - There are just certain realities about our world and I just happen to be creative within it.
Pam Grier - You can be on top of everything, and the next minute, you're going to be on the bottom.
Pam Grier - I've never considered myself to be beautiful, and I still don't.
Pam Grier - Me, sexy? I'm just plain ol' beans and rice.
Pam Grier - Today, many people are engaging in same sex relationships and saying they are not gay.
Pam Grier - It's always fun to put on bell bottoms and have your butt hanging out and hip huggers.
Pam Grier - But I just loved looking at the clothes of the '70s.
Pam Grier - I do a movie once every four years and they call it a comeback.
Pam Grier - This whole beauty thing is something I've never comprehended.
Pam Grier - My people were homesteading in Colorado before Emancipation.
Paracelsus - What the eyes perceive in herbs or stones or trees is not yet a remedy; the eyes see only the dross.
Paracelsus - The dose makes the poison.
Paracelsus - Medicine rests upon four pillars - philosophy, astronomy, alchemy, and ethics.
Paracelsus - Dreams must be heeded and accepted. For a great many of them come true.
Paracelsus - Thoughts create a new heaven, a new firmament, a new source of energy, from which new arts flow.
Paracelsus - Nature also forges man, now a gold man, now a silver man, now a fig man, now a bean man.
Paracelsus - Often the remedy is deemed the highest good because it helps so many.
Paracelsus - The interpretation of dreams is a great art.
Paracelsus - This is alchemy, and this is the office of Vulcan; he is the apothecary and chemist of the medicine.
Paracelsus - This process is alchemy: its founder is the smith Vulcan.
Paris Hilton - The only rule is don't be boring and dress cute wherever you go. Life is too short to blend in.
Paris Hilton - No matter what a woman looks like, if she's confident, she's sexy.
Paris Hilton - The way I see it, you should live everyday like its your birthday.
Paris Hilton - Some people change when they think they're a star or something.
Paris Hilton - I'd imagine my wedding as a fairy tale... huge, beautiful and white.
Paris Hilton - I don't think there's ever been anyone like me that's lasted. And I'm going to keep on lasting.
Paris Hilton - I get half a million just to show up at parties. My life is, like, really, really fun.
Paris Hilton - I love Africa in general South Africa and West Africa, they are both great countries.
Paris Hilton - Wal-mart... do they like make walls there?
Paris Hilton - I don't really think, I just walk.
Park Geun-hye - I couldn't stand back and watch the strong economy that my father envisioned go to ruins.
Park Geun-hye - I will end the history of division and conflict through reconciliation and fairness.
Park Geun-hye - I will open an era of grand national unity.
Park Geun-hye - I know more than anyone the divergent views about my father. I want to be judged on my own merits.
Park Geun-hye - Different times need different types of leadership.
Park Geun-hye - I want to be judged on my own merits.
Park Geun-hye - In human life, economics precedes politics or culture.
Park Geun-hye - I have no family to take care of and no children to pass wealth to.
Park Geun-hye - I will be the president of the nation who keeps pledges.
Parker Posey - The sound of a golf game is very different than the sound of a football game.
Parker Posey - I have a twin brother, so I was around guys like a sister. It was comfortable to me.
Parker Posey - I've seen deer. I have lots of woodchucks on my property. And bluebirds. Foxes.
Parker Posey - It's really weird to be taken seriously for what you're wearing. It makes me want to wear a uniform.
Parker Posey - I like sitting close to windows.
Parker Posey - I'm glad I'm Southern. I'm the Southerner who's very Southern in that she left to move to New York.
Parker Posey - I care about being creative and expressing myself.
Parker Posey - I really like this trend of songwriting that is honest and intelligent and serious and longing.
Parker Posey - I'm kind of a robot in a way. Or a Tron.
Parker Posey - I wouldn't say I was a queen. Maybe a little elf.
Pat Buchanan - The food that enters the mind must be watched as closely as the food that enters the body.
Pat Buchanan - As polarized as we have been, we Americans are locked in a cultural war for the soul of our country.
Pat Buchanan - Defeat has its lessons as well as victory.
Pat Buchanan - No one has deputized America to play Wyatt Earp to the world.
Pat Buchanan - Saying the Washington Post is just a newspaper is like saying Rasputin was just a country priest.
Pat Buchanan - Anti-Catholicism is the anti-Semitism of the intellectual.
Pat Buchanan - McCarthy emerged in the person of Senator Russ Feingold of Wisconsin.
Pat Buchanan - If a country forgets where it came from, how will its people know who they are?
Pat Buchanan - Parents have a right to insist that godless evolution not be taught to their children.
Pat Buchanan - The Bay of Pigs became a metaphor for feckless folly and failure.
Pat Conroy - Without music, life is a journey through a desert.
Pat Conroy - It's an article of faith that the novels I've loved will live inside me forever.
Pat Conroy - A recipe is a story that ends with a good meal.
Pat Conroy - Love came in wounded and frantic ways to my dismaying family.
Pat Conroy - I have found human nature a bit contradictory in my living of it. Human life is incredibly strange.
Pat Conroy - There's always a version of me who is the narrator. And I make myself look better than other people.
Pat Conroy - My father's violence is the central fact of my art and my life.
Pat Conroy - I still get weepy when I see a father being nice to his child. It so affects me.
Pat Conroy - I love books about treks and journeys into the unknown.
Pat Conroy - I think that my mother, Frances Dorothy Peck, modeled her whole life on that of Scarlett O'Hara.
Pat Metheny - I think I have a basic sound aesthetic that is in most of what I do.
Pat Metheny - I think I represent a more left-wing view of what jazz is.
Pat Metheny - It's more about conception and touch and spirit and soul than whether my hardware was in place.
Pat Metheny - Listening is the key to everything good in music.
Pat Metheny - The beauty of jazz is that it's malleable. People are addressing it to suit their own personalities.
Pat Metheny - What I look for in musicians is a sense of infinity.
Pat Metheny - From 1962 to 1965, the guitar became this icon of youth culture, thanks mostly to the Beatles.
Pat Metheny - I hate the way chorus boxes sound.
Pat Metheny - I realized that equipment really had little to do with why I sound like the way I sound.
Pat Metheny - I saw A Hard Day's Night 12 or 13 times.
Pat Paulsen - Deep down, I happen to be very shallow.
Pat Paulsen - A gun is a necessity. Who knows if you're walking down a street and you spot a moose?
Pat Paulsen - Will I obliterate national debt? Sure, why not?
Pat Paulsen - We have nothing to fear but fear itself... and, of course, the boogieman.
Pat Paulsen - I am neither left wing nor right wing. I am middle-of-the-bird.
Pat Paulsen - In America, any boy can grow up to become president. Or, if he never grows up, vice president.
Pat Paulsen - If you're old enough to be arrested, you're old enough to carry a gun.
Pat Paulsen - It's tough campaigning, kissing hands and shaking babies.
Pat Paulsen - The No. 1 cause of forest fires is trees.
Pat Paulsen - I've upped my standards. Now, up yours.
Pat Riley - A champion needs a motivation above and beyond winning.
Pat Riley - Excellence is the gradual result of always striving to do better.
Pat Riley - There's no such thing as coulda, shoulda, or woulda. If you shoulda and coulda, you woulda done it.
Pat Riley - Look for your choices, pick the best one, then go with it.
Pat Riley - Being ready isn't enough; you have to be prepared for a promotion or any other significant change.
Pat Riley - Discipline is not a nasty word.
Pat Riley - Giving yourself permission to lose guarantees a loss.
Pat Riley - Being a part of success is more important than being personally indispensable.
Pat Riley - Don't let other people tell you what you want.
Pat Riley - People who create 20% of the results will begin believing they deserve 80% of the rewards.
Pat Robertson - Are we a Christian nation now? It's doubtful. But did we start out as one? Without question.
Pat Robertson - I have a zero tolerance for sanctimonious morons who try to scare people.
Pat Robertson - People who hate God... take it out on innocent people.
Pat Robertson - And I think that George Bush really is a very godly person.
Pat Robertson - I wouldn't want to be President now!
Pat Robertson - The Katrina matter was terrible.
Pat Robertson - McCain I'd vote against under any circumstance.
Pat Robertson - I know one man who was impotent who gave AIDS to his wife and the only thing they did was kiss.
Pat Robertson - In Europe, the big word is tolerance. You tolerate everything.
Pat Robertson - I mean the terrorists are - are like a pimple, like a boil. They'll go away.
Patricia Cornwell - Survival was my only hope, success my only revenge.
Patricia Cornwell - I believe the root of all evil is abuse of power.
Patricia Cornwell - My friends call me Miss Worst Case Scenario.
Patricia Cornwell - In the first person, the readers feel smart, like it's them solving the case.
Patricia Cornwell - Even if you are a best-seller you feel insecure because it is all so unpredictable.
Patricia Cornwell - I've always believed human blood is red because it really needs to draw attention to itself.
Patricia Cornwell - I dropped chemistry. I practically blew up the lab in college.
Patricia Cornwell - First of all, it does not deter crime, the death penalty.
Patricia Cornwell - I refuse to sit on my laurels.
Patricia Cornwell - If it's really beautiful weather, sometimes I might take a helicopter out. I got my license in 1999.
Patrick Kane - It has been a motto of mine my whole life - just be yourself.
Patrick Kane - I've always prided myself on being myself and trying to stick true to who I am and how I was raised.
Patrick Kane - I love to score goals, and I love to plan my celebrations.
Patrick Kane - There are some guys you definitely would not want dating your sister - especially hockey players.
Patrick Kane - I wouldn't be face-washing anyone in real life. I'd be skating to the bench real fast to get away.
Patrick Kane - If I was bigger I might not have had the same skill set as I do, the speed.
Patrick Kane - It's obviously disappointing and surreal when you see someone else win the Stanley Cup.
Patrick Kane - I think I owe it to myself to put my best effort forward and prove how good I can be.
Patrick Kane - We're here to win. We're not here just for the experience.
Patrick Kane - I always go home to Buffalo in the offseason. I really enjoy my home town.
Patrick Swayze - You know, I am a Leo. Lion is a giant part of me.
Patrick Swayze - I keep my heart and my soul and my spirit open to miracles.
Patrick Swayze - I'm trying to shut up and let my angels speak to me and tell me what I'm supposed to do.
Patrick Swayze - When it looks like I may live longer than five minutes I'll drop cigarettes like a hot potato.
Patrick Swayze - The way to screw up somebody's life is to give them what they want.
Patrick Swayze - As always, I appreciate all the love and support people have sent and continue to send my way.
Patrick Swayze - I like to believe that I've got a lot of guardian warriors sittin' on my shoulder including my dad.
Patrick Swayze - The longer your life goes on, the more death you face.
Patrick Swayze - Good-looking people turn me off. Myself included.
Patrick Swayze - Together we can make a world where cancer no longer means living with fear, without hope, or worse.
Patsy Cline - I'd like to do my first record I ever made, A Church, a Courtroom, and Then Goodbye.
Patsy Cline - The one thing I wanted to do more than anything else was sing country music.
Patsy Cline - Sitting around the house playing the wife and mother is driving me crazy.
Patsy Cline - It seems that every time I stick my neck out, I get my foot into something else.
Patsy Cline - I've become a captive of my own ambitions.
Patsy Cline - I'm not gonna ride home in the car. I'll wait for Randy. I think I'll get home quicker.
Patsy Cline - I'm gonna walk a little bit of dog.
Patsy Cline - I'm gonna be something one of these days.
Patsy Cline - I can't miss a night's work and let my public down.
Patsy Cline - Carnegie Hall was real fabulous, but you know, it ain't as big as the Grand Ole Opry.
Patti Davis - That is your legacy on this Earth when you leave this Earth: how many hearts you touched.
Patti Davis - It takes strength to make your way through grief, to grab hold of life and let it pull you forward.
Patti Davis - After September 11, I got to understand a little bit of his deep love for this country.
Patti Davis - I needed to run away in order to come home.
Patti Davis - I had this odd sibling rivalry with America.
Patti Davis - You know, if you hang around this earth long enough you really see how things come full circle.
Patti Davis - Some people, when they die, leave so much life behind that we wonder how they did it.
Patti Davis - I was such a punk.
Patti Davis - When I was a child, our summer days were spent swimming; chlorine in my hair was like perfume to me.
Patti Davis - It used to be a lot easier to get a book deal.
Patti LuPone - Smile at a stranger. See what happens.
Patti LuPone - I just love chickens.
Patti LuPone - The word diva to me means doing something supernatural with something natural.
Patti LuPone - The theater is a tough place. It's not cushioned the way it is in film and television.
Patti LuPone - I think Madonna is a wonderful performer.
Patti LuPone - We're not show-business people. We have a life.
Patti LuPone - I don't listen to the contemporary pop artists. They all sound alike, anyway.
Patti LuPone - My favorite band was The Band, and nobody compares in my mind with The Band.
Patti LuPone - I know what it means to have a leading part, and I know what it means to have a featured part.
Patti LuPone - I'd love to do situation comedy - it's the best job in show business.
Patti Stanger - To get rid of depression, I swim with dolphins.
Patti Stanger - If I weren't a matchmaker, I'd be a chef.
Patti Stanger - I'm an advocate for gay marriage. I have more gay friends than Carter has pills.
Patti Stanger - I'm very quiet and shy in my personal life, as hard as that is to believe.
Patti Stanger - I have put gay dating on the map.
Patti Stanger - A lot of Hollywood couples get married young and wind up growing out of their relationship.
Patti Stanger - I'd like to date another millionaire. I've never done that.
Patti Stanger - I had a breast reduction.
Patti Stanger - I used to practice Wicca.
Patti Stanger - It hit me really hard that I want kids in my life.
Patton Oswalt - If you hit a midget on the head with a stick, he turns into 40 gold coins.
Patton Oswalt - I fantasize and idealize myself as Bugs Bunny, but I know deep down I'm Daffy Duck.
Patton Oswalt - George Bush is not stupid. He's evil. OK? There's a huge difference between stupid and evil.
Patton Oswalt - I think right now is the best time for stand-up, ever. I sincerely do.
Patton Oswalt - I had a romance novel inside me, but I paid three sailors to beat it out if me with steel pipes.
Patton Oswalt - We would not be here if humanity were inherently evil. We'd have eaten ourselves alive long ago.
Patton Oswalt - It's like our country is being run by a bunch of bad alcoholic dads right now.
Patton Oswalt - I have to drink this much to be as unfunny as you.
Patton Oswalt - I hate all sidekicks.
Patton Oswalt - I'm not familiar with the metric system.
Patty Duke - I believe that all the important people in my life prior to 1982 were victimized by my illness.
Patty Duke - I never did quite fit the glamour mode. It is life with my husband and family that is my high now.
Patty Duke - I knew from a very young age that there was something very wrong with me.
Patty Duke - Reality is hard. It is no walk in the park, this thing called Life.
Patty Duke - I can't tell you what I had for breakfast, but I can sing every single word of rock and roll.
Patty Duke - I tell people to monitor their self-pity. Self-pity is very unattractive.
Patty Duke - My recovery from manic depression has been an evolution, not a sudden miracle.
Patty Duke - Human beings have speculated about the relationship between inspiration and insanity for centuries.
Patty Duke - I had been very close to Anne Bancroft when we worked together in The Miracle Worker.
Patty Duke - I kind of like the position of being the fair-haired savior of my mother.
Paul Auster - I like the sound a typewriter makes.
Paul Auster - We are continually shaped by the forces of coincidence.
Paul Auster - Everything can change at any moment, suddenly and forever.
Paul Auster - If you're not ready for everything, you're not ready for anything.
Paul Auster - There's hope for everyone. That's what makes the world go round.
Paul Auster - You can't put your feet on the ground until you've touched the sky.
Paul Auster - Writing has always had that tactile quality for me. It's a physical experience.
Paul Auster - I'm living in the present, thinking about the past, hoping for the future.
Paul Auster - I think it's a very good thing to leave your country and look at it from afar.
Paul Auster - I guess the toughest things in translations are word play, which can never be reproduced exactly.
Paul Bryant - Show class, have pride, and display character. If you do, winning takes care of itself.
Paul Bryant - No coach has ever won a game by what he knows; it's what his players know that counts.
Paul Bryant - You never know how a horse will pull until you hook him to a heavy load.
Paul Bryant - There's no substitute for guts.
Paul Bryant - Don't give up at half time. Concentrate on winning the second half.
Paul Bryant - Never be too proud to get down on your knees and pray.
Paul Bryant - I ain't nothing but a winner.
Paul Bryant - It's nice to have the opportunity to play for so much money, but it's nicer to win it.
Paul Bryant - In a crisis, don't hide behind anything or anybody. They're going to find you anyway.
Paul Bryant - Winning isn't everything, but it beats anything that comes in second.
Paul Cezanne - The most seductive thing about art is the personality of the artist himself.
Paul Cezanne - We live in a rainbow of chaos.
Paul Cezanne - Genius is the ability to renew one's emotions in daily experience.
Paul Cezanne - Keep good company - that is, go to the Louvre.
Paul Cezanne - I'll always be grateful to the public of intelligent amateurs.
Paul Cezanne - The awareness of our own strength makes us modest.
Paul Cezanne - Painting from nature is not copying the object; it is realizing one's sensations.
Paul Cezanne - The world doesn't understand me and I don't understand the world, that's why I've withdrawn from it.
Paul Cezanne - I have nothing to hide in art. The initial force alone can bring anyone to the end he must attain.
Paul Cezanne - With an apple I will astonish Paris.
Paul Craig Roberts - For a country to be looted, its people's voice must be silenced.
Paul Craig Roberts - There is no independent American print or TV media.
Paul Craig Roberts - As the U.S. is import-dependent, this will translate into higher domestic prices.
Paul Craig Roberts - In the Matrix in which Americans live, nothing is ever their fault.
Paul Craig Roberts - Once a country descends into evil, it doesn't emerge.
Paul Craig Roberts - Washington is a black hole into which all sanity is sucked out of government deliberations.
Paul Craig Roberts - Putin does not lie. When he says something, he means it.
Paul Craig Roberts - Washington's impulsive use of power is a danger to America and to the world.
Paul Craig Roberts - The real Social Security crisis is that the government does not have the money to redeem its IOUs.
Paul Craig Roberts - If all countries are exceptional, the word loses its meaning.
Paul Dano - I think you sometimes have to go hit rock bottom before you can grow and rebuild as a person.
Paul Dano - In tragedy, it's hard to find a good resolution; it's not black and white: it's a big fog of gray.
Paul Dano - I love cereal. I eat several bowls a day, mostly a few late at night.
Paul Dano - I think that one of the strangest things about being an actor is, it's almost freelance work.
Paul Dano - I've definitely been in ruts, and I think having some kind of perseverance is important.
Paul Dano - I don't like tight pants on guys.
Paul Dano - Sometimes we fall in love with the idea of a person and have trouble seeing the real thing.
Paul Dano - The world of the homeless is a tough and interesting world.
Paul Dano - I love Brooklyn; it's a part of who you are.
Paul Dano - 'Little Miss Sunshine' was really important to me.
Paul Farmer - The thing about rights is that in the end you can't prove what should be considered a right.
Paul Farmer - I can't think of a better model for Haiti rebuilding than Rwanda.
Paul Farmer - Everybody should be interested in access to primary and secondary education for everybody.
Paul Farmer - The only way to do the human rights thing is to do the right thing medically.
Paul Farmer - Some people talk about Haiti as being the graveyard of development projects.
Paul Farmer - I feel it's part of my job to make the problems of the poor compelling.
Paul Farmer - I mean we grew up in a TB bus and I became a TB doctor.
Paul Farmer - I would say that, intellectually, Catholicism had no more impact on me than did social theory.
Paul Farmer - I'm not an austere person.
Paul Farmer - I'm one of six kids, and the eight of us lived for over a decade in either a bus or a boat.
Paul Feig - Bad women's comedies are made by men who didn't consult enough women.
Paul Feig - Every director should take an acting class.
Paul Feig - I always feel in improv that nothing is ever as good once it's repeated.
Paul Feig - What you want is the thing that critics love and audiences love, but that's the hardest thing to do.
Paul Feig - I was a standup comedian, which is kind of like writing and directing yourself.
Paul Feig - You can never have a thousand percent batting average on jokes - it's just never going to happen.
Paul Feig - With a suit, even if you're having a nervous breakdown, you still look like you're in charge.
Paul Feig - We didn't used to be so precious about women in comedy back in the old days.
Paul Feig - There's nothing worse than the sequel that's a letdown from the first movie.
Paul Feig - Whatever you wear, you have to own it. Make it yours.
Paul Gosar - I don't need to be lectured by the Pope about climate change.
Paul Gosar - I think pressure gets to people when it appears they're trying to cover things up.
Paul Gosar - I wish my brother well. We agree to disagree, but he is a good man. He is my brother.
Paul Gosar - You're not going to find me cringe from my record.
Paul Gosar - Leadership has a price.
Paul Gosar - Do you understand about water in the West? Whiskey's for drinking; water's for fightin' over.
Paul Gosar - I know Gov. Palin is a classy lady and has her head on straight.
Paul Gosar - If the Pope spoke out with moral authority against violent Islam, I would be there cheering him on.
Paul Gosar - Aren't we supposed to be standing for something instead of falling for everything?
Paul Gosar - MAVNI was never intended to be utilized for the benefit of illegal aliens.
Paul Haggis - We give you characters we'd feel very comfortable judging, and then go: 'Oh yeah? Watch this'.
Paul Haggis - As artists, we have to be brave. If we aren't brave, we aren't artists.
Paul Haggis - You have to have empathy, knowledge and compassion for your characters if you're a writer.
Paul Haggis - As a general rule, I don't plan to travel with my Oscars, but we may have to make an exception.
Paul Haggis - We're trying to reinvent Bond. He's 28 - no Q, no gadgets.
Paul Haggis - Every 10 years, I know less about love and relationships. The smarter I get, the less I know.
Paul Haggis - I'm a deeply broken person, and broken institutions fascinate me.
Paul Haggis - My one guiding rule for success in the film world would be, be careful of your friends.
Paul Haggis - I thought 'The King's Speech' was great.
Paul Haggis - The wonderful thing about Clint is you can never second guess how he is going to react to anything.
Paul Harris - Personality has power to uplift, power to depress, power to curse, and power to bless.
Paul Harris - In the clashes between ignorance and intelligence, ignorance is generally the aggressor.
Paul Harris - Ideas have unhinged the gates of empires.
Paul Harris - Motherhood is at its best when the tender chords of sympathy have been touched.
Paul Harris - Many obstacles to the expansion of good will have presented themselves.
Paul Harris - Segregation never brought anyone anything except trouble.
Paul Harris - Ignorance is a menace to peace.
Paul Harris - Individuals and nations owe it to themselves and the world to become informed.
Paul Harris - One's religion is one's own possession and he has a right to it.
Paul Harris - The very strength of a nation eventually proves to be its weakness.
Paul Harvey - Golf is a game in which you yell 'fore,' shoot six, and write down five.
Paul Harvey - Now you know the rest of the story.
Paul Harvey - If 'pro' is the opposite of 'con' what is the opposite of 'progress'?
Paul Harvey - Like what you do, if you don't like it, do something else.
Paul Harvey - When your outgo exceeds your income, the upshot may be your downfall.
Paul Harvey - I am fiercely loyal to those willing to put their money where my mouth is.
Paul Harvey - Retiring is just practicing up to be dead. That doesn't take any practice.
Paul Harvey - I've never seen a monument erected to a pessimist.
Paul Harvey - Self-government won't work without self-discipline.
Paul Harvey - In times like these, it helps to recall that there have always been times like these.
Paul Hawken - The first rule of sustainability is to align with natural forces, or at least not try to defy them.
Paul Hawken - All is connected... no one thing can change by itself.
Paul Hawken - What we are missing, utterly and completely, in this government is accountability.
Paul Hawken - The self-owned and -operated business is the freest life in the world.
Paul Hawken - We are the only species on the planet without full employment. Brilliant.
Paul Hawken - Business is destroying the world, with flair, expertise, and panache.
Paul Hawken - A local company has more accountability.
Paul Hawken - In short, industrialism is over.
Paul Hawken - Trees are being saved because of the Kindle.
Paul Hawken - You can print money to bail out a bank, but you can't print life to bail out a planet.
Paul Hollywood - Everyone has a favourite cake, pastry, pudding or pie from when they were kids.
Paul Hollywood - My first job at the bakery was jamming doughnuts.
Paul Hollywood - Crumpets I make myself. I love crumpets. You can't beat a good home-made crumpet.
Paul Hollywood - Making cake is one of the easiest things in the world.
Paul Hollywood - Since I was a kid, baking has been part of my life.
Paul Hollywood - Baking is therapy.
Paul Hollywood - My own preferred fitness regime is to use my bicycle.
Paul Hollywood - Anything that has more buttercream than it does cake is going to be a no-no for me.
Paul Hollywood - I love evangelising about baking and passing the word on, and I will carry on doing that.
Paul Hollywood - I think baking's far easier than cooking, and because of that, it's more approachable.
Paul Keating - The great curse of modern political life is incrementalism.
Paul Keating - When the Berlin Wall came down the Americans cried, 'Victory,' and walked off the field.
Paul Keating - In the end, rational policy is always good.
Paul Keating - I think Australia has to be a country which has the 'Welcome' sign out.
Paul Keating - I always believed in burning up the government's political capital, not being Mr Safe Guy, you know?
Paul Keating - I try to use the Australian idiom to its maximum advantage.
Paul Keating - The United States being in Asia is unambiguously a good thing for the region.
Paul Keating - The G7, just a European centric show, an Atlantic show, is fundamentally finished.
Paul Keating - One tires of combat, although I can still throw a punch, you know.
Paul Keating - Politicians come in three varieties: straight men, fixers, and maddies.
Paul Lynde - Sandwiches are wonderful. You don't need a spoon or a plate!
Paul Lynde - My father was adamant in his disapproval of my interest in show business.
Paul Lynde - A room is like a stage. If you see it without lighting, it can be the coldest place in the world.
Paul Lynde - I was obsessed with being rich and famous.
Paul Lynde - I think basically an actor is a salesman.
Paul Lynde - I sang in the choir for years, even though my family belonged to another church.
Paul Lynde - I'm Liberace without a piano.
Paul Lynde - I wish I had the nerve not to tip.
Paul Lynde - A closet full of wire hangers can be the most dangerous place in the world.
Paul Lynde - If I ever completely lost my nervousness I would be frightened half to death.
Paul McCartney - Think globally, act locally.
Paul McCartney - I don't work at being ordinary.
Paul McCartney - But you know, as a kid I would have thought of a vegetarian as a wimp.
Paul McCartney - It's time to end the cruel slaughter of whales and leave these magnificent creatures alone.
Paul McCartney - My so-called career is a haphazard thing.
Paul McCartney - Buy, buy, says the sign in the shop window; Why, why, says the junk in the yard.
Paul McCartney - I love the past. There are parts of the past I hate, of course.
Paul McCartney - There are only four people who knew what the Beatles were about anyway.
Paul McCartney - I don't take me seriously. If we get some giggles, I don't mind.
Paul McCartney - I'm not religious, but I'm very spiritual.
Paul Mooney - I can't change the past, but one person can change the future - anything can happen.
Paul Mooney - I'm as American as apple pie.
Paul Mooney - People think you're crazy if you turn money down... people worship money.
Paul Mooney - I have nothing to do with racism in America; it was here when I got here.
Paul Mooney - I'm passionate about what I do. I'd be naive to be passive.
Paul Mooney - You white folks see UFOs in your dreams. You don't hear about Martians in Harlem.
Paul Mooney - If you're happy with what you're doing, then you don't get bored.
Paul Mooney - People ask me, when was my best time? I always say, 'Today.'
Paul Mooney - I think I have a mental nappy attitude.
Paul Mooney - I do celebrate anything with freedom in it, you know.
Paul Newman - I was always a character actor. I just looked like Little Red Riding Hood.
Paul Newman - You only grow when you are alone.
Paul Newman - Show me a good loser and I will show you a loser.
Paul Newman - If you don't have enemies, you don't have character.
Paul Newman - Newman's second law: Just when things look darkest, they go black.
Paul Newman - Money won is twice as sweet as money earned.
Paul Newman - Newman's first law: It is useless to put on your brakes when you're upside down.
Paul Newman - The star of oil and vinegar and the oil and vinegar of the stars.
Paul Newman - So you wound up with Apollo. If he's sometimes hard to swallow. Use this.
Paul Newman - People stay married because they want to, not because the doors are locked.
Paul Prudhomme - You don't need a silver fork to eat good food.
Paul Prudhomme - When I am done with this meal you can have my life. It is heaven.
Paul Prudhomme - We didn't do wrong things because we didn't want to embarrass our parents.
Paul Prudhomme - I don't think life is to be taken too seriously. Take it too seriously, and it'll getcha.
Paul Prudhomme - I believe in America. I'm one of those silly flag wavers.
Paul Prudhomme - I'm just here and I'm doin' the best I can. If you don't understand that, then what can I do?
Paul Prudhomme - Have fun. Do something nobody else had done before, or has done since.
Paul Prudhomme - Cajun is country food by farmers and fisherman that arrived in Louisiana from Acadiana, Canada.
Paul Prudhomme - I opened a restaurant that had nothing but California wines.
Paul Prudhomme - What I think and what the world thinks is totally different.
Paul Ricoeur - The logic of validation allows us to move between the two limits of dogmatism and skepticism.
Paul Ricoeur - This is perhaps the most profound meaning of the book of Job, the best example of wisdom.
Paul Ricoeur - If the Resurrection is resurrection from the dead, all hope and freedom are in spite of death.
Paul Ricoeur - Narrative identity takes part in the story's movement, in the dialectic between order and disorder.
Paul Ricoeur - Testimony gives something to be interpreted.
Paul Ricoeur - The text is a limited field of possible constructions.
Paul Ricoeur - Wisdom finds its literary expression in wisdom literature.
Paul Ricoeur - But myth is something else than an explanation of the world, of history, and of destiny.
Paul Ricoeur - So long as the New Testament served to decipher the Old, it was taken as an absolute norm.
Paul Ricoeur - Testimony demands to be interpreted because of the dialectic of meaning and event that traverses it.
Paul Ryan - Hey, I'm a Catholic deer hunter, I am happy to be clinging to my guns and my religion.
Paul Ryan - We will not duck the tough issues, we will lead.
Paul Ryan - Borrowing and spending is not the way to prosperity.
Paul Ryan - We are looking for bipartisan solutions not partisan rhetoric.
Paul Ryan - Here's the problem if you keep raising tax rates: You slow down economic growth.
Paul Ryan - And to this day, my Mom is my role model.
Paul Ryan - We will not spend four years blaming others, we will take responsibility.
Paul Ryan - I have never seen opponents so silent about their record, and so desperate to keep their power.
Paul Ryan - People have a constitutional right to have semiautomatic rifles.
Paul Ryan - Women are to be championed and revered, not objectified.
Paul Samuelson - Good questions outrank easy answers.
Paul Samuelson - What we know about the global financial crisis is that we don't know very much.
Paul Samuelson - Economics has never been a science - and it is even less now than a few years ago.
Paul Samuelson - An intriguing paradox of the 1990s is that it isn't called a decade of greed.
Paul Samuelson - It is not easy to get rich in Las Vegas, at Churchill Downs, or at the local Merrill Lynch office.
Paul Samuelson - Every good cause is worth some inefficiency.
Paul Samuelson - Funeral by funeral, theory advances.
Paul Samuelson - Economics is a choice between alternatives all the time. Those are the trade-offs.
Paul Samuelson - Let those who will - write the nation's laws - if I can write its textbooks.
Paul Samuelson - I can't think of a president who has been overburdened by a knowledge of economics.
Paul Simon - There's something about the sound of a train that's very romantic and nostalgic and hopeful.
Paul Simon - Anybody can do bad work, but not everybody does good work.
Paul Simon - Who am I to blow against the wind?
Paul Simon - Listen to the sound of silence.
Paul Simon - We've survived by believing our life is going to get better.
Paul Simon - Faith is an island in the setting sun, But proof is the bottom line for everyone.
Paul Simon - Music is forever; music should grow and mature with you, following you right on up until you die.
Paul Simon - Why am I so soft in the middle when the rest of my life is so hard?
Paul Simon - Without Arthur's voice, I never would have enjoyed that success.
Paul Simon - It's a big error to think that because you like somebody's work, you're going to like him.
Paul Stanley - When you're in a position to have gotten so much, the gift at this point is giving back.
Paul Stanley - Credibility is someone else's idea of what I should be doing.
Paul Stanley - I tend to fly a bit under the radar.
Paul Stanley - Youth is incredible because you really do feel invincible.
Paul Stanley - The only thing I can say is consistent in all my paintings is vivid color.
Paul Stanley - When rock & roll is done with that fervor, it's close to gospel.
Paul Stanley - Don't kid yourself; the guy who's onstage in ripped-up jeans is wearing as much a costume as I am.
Paul Stanley - Gene sometimes... well, he has his dream list.
Paul Stanley - Anybody with money can put on a KISS show, but they can't be KISS.
Paul Stanley - If I had my way, I'd always be onstage. But I won't always be able to be onstage.
Paul Theroux - Winter is a season of recovery and preparation.
Paul Theroux - When I went to Hong Kong, I knew at once I wanted to write a story set there.
Paul Theroux - I cannot make my days longer so I strive to make them better.
Paul Theroux - I think I understand passion. Love is something else.
Paul Theroux - Gain a modest reputation for being unreliable and you will never be asked to do a thing.
Paul Theroux - You can't write about a friend, you can only write about a former friend.
Paul Theroux - I am happy being what I am.
Paul Theroux - Tourists don't know where they've been, travelers don't know where they're going.
Paul Theroux - Travel is glamorous only in retrospect.
Paul Theroux - Hawaii is not a state of mind, but a state of grace.
Paul Thomas Anderson - Screenwriting is like ironing. You move forward a little bit and go back and smooth things out.
Paul Thomas Anderson - I'll rebel against powers and principalities, all the time. Always, I will.
Paul Thomas Anderson - No, really. Just do it. You have some kind of weird reasons that are okay.
Paul Thomas Anderson - I have a feeling, one of those gut feelings, that I'll make pretty good movies the rest of my life.
Paul Thomas Anderson - Of course, I'm no dummy.
Paul Thomas Anderson - I don't want to be the angry guy.
Paul Thomas Anderson - How do I respond to criticism? Critically. I listen to all criticism critically.
Paul Thomas Anderson - I am always looking for that nuance, that moment of truth, and you can't really do that fast.
Paul Thomas Anderson - Acting is the hardest job in the entire world. By far. Harder than ditch digging.
Paul Thomas Anderson - Film school is a complete con, because the information is there if you want it.
Paul Tillich - Loneliness expresses the pain of being alone and solitude expresses the glory of being alone.
Paul Tillich - Doubt is not the opposite of faith; it is one element of faith.
Paul Tillich - Boredom is rage spread thin.
Paul Tillich - Cruelty towards others is always also cruelty towards ourselves.
Paul Tillich - The first duty of love is to listen.
Paul Tillich - There is no love which does not become help.
Paul Tillich - The courage to be is the courage to accept oneself, in spite of being unacceptable.
Paul Tillich - Astonishment is the root of philosophy.
Paul Tillich - I hope for the day when everyone can speak again of God without embarrassment.
Paul Tillich - Faith is an act of a finite being who is grasped by, and turned to, the infinite.
Paul Valery - A poem is never finished, only abandoned.
Paul Valery - We are enriched by our reciprocate differences.
Paul Valery - That which has always been accepted by everyone, everywhere, is almost certain to be false.
Paul Valery - An artist never really finishes his work, he merely abandons it.
Paul Valery - Books have the same enemies as people: fire, humidity, animals, weather, and their own content.
Paul Valery - The purpose of psychology is to give us a completely different idea of the things we know best.
Paul Valery - At times I think and at times I am.
Paul Valery - Love is being stupid together.
Paul Valery - A man is infinitely more complicated than his thoughts.
Paul Valery - Serious-minded people have few ideas. People with ideas are never serious.
Paul Walker - Sometimes the hurdles aren't really hurdles at all. They're welcome challenges, tests.
Paul Walker - I'm not afraid of anything. That's just the way I am.
Paul Walker - I don't care what it is in life: listen to your heart. If you do, no matter what, you win.
Paul Walker - My philosophy is: If you can't have fun, there's no sense in doing it.
Paul Walker - If you spend any time with a man, you'll realize that we're all still little boys.
Paul Walker - My mom's hot. I mean she's old, but my mom's out of control.
Paul Walker - It's not about working anymore, its about doing work I can be proud of.
Paul Walker - I've always wanted to race cars, ever since I was a young boy, as I think a lot of guys have.
Paul Walker - Attitude is attitude, whether you're a West Coast gangster or East Coast gangster, you know?
Paul Walker - I think my mom put it best. She said, 'Little girls soften their daddy's hearts.'
Paul Watson - The most powerful weapon in the world, as far as I'm concerned, is the camera.
Paul Watson - Ships are expendable; the whales are not.
Paul Watson - I did not establish the Sea Shepherd Conservation Society as a protest organisation.
Paul Watson - Sea Shepherd is to terrorism what Groucho was to Marxism.
Paul Watson - All confrontation is based on deception.
Paul Watson - You don't get anywhere unless you've had a little bit of a complicated life.
Paul Watson - No species is more important than others.
Paul Watson - Protesting against illegal activity is not piracy.
Paul Watson - Sustainable fishing is a fraud. It's a marketing term that really means 'business as usual.'
Paul Watson - I'm thankful to have time to write.
Paul Weller - You can't live a lie. You have to follow your heart.
Paul Weller - I think politicians are so far out of step with what people really want.
Paul Weller - Nothing wrong with pop!
Paul Weller - People say that if you're still angry at 52, you're not an angry young man, just a grumpy old git.
Paul Weller - I still love playing music. It was all I ever wanted to do, and I got the chance to do it.
Paul Weller - It is nice to make a record and people like it, and it's encouraging.
Paul Weller - When I'm dead, I wanna leave a body of work, like authors or great painters do.
Paul Weller - If you're into a certain band, you're into the way they dress.
Paul Weller - I don't like the royal family, I don't like the establishment, I don't like the civil service.
Paul Weller - Led Zeppelin would never have reformed if he or Jimmy Page were bald.
Paul Wellstone - Sometimes, the only realists are the dreamers.
Paul Wellstone - Never separate the life you live from the words you speak.
Paul Wellstone - We all do better when we all do better.
Paul Wellstone - Politics is not about power.
Paul Wellstone - The only way to change is to vote. People are responsible.
Paul Wellstone - Politics isn't about big money or power games; it's about the improvement of people's lives.
Paul Wellstone - Education and democracy have the same goal: the fullest possible development of human capabilities.
Paul Wellstone - Our aims in political activism are not, and should not be, to create a perfect utopia.
Paul Wellstone - We can and must move U.S. politics forward by means of committed participation.
Paul Wellstone - We can remake the world daily.
Paula Abdul - 'American Idol' has taken over my whole life.
Paula Abdul - Keep the faith, don't lose your perseverance and always trust your gut extinct.
Paula Abdul - If they're singing about heartbreak, they've lived it.
Paula Abdul - Find fitness with fun dancing. It is fun and makes you forget about the dreaded exercise.
Paula Abdul - Simon would not want to audition in front of Simon.
Paula Abdul - The more auditions you go on, the more you will learn not to take it personally.
Paula Abdul - When people expect me to go right, I'll go left. I'm unpredictable.
Paula Abdul - Your talent is your art. It is not to be taken for granted.
Paula Abdul - I'm happily single.
Paula Abdul - All you can do is the best you can do.
Pauly Shore - Whenever someone dies everyone says, I love that guy, except for Jeffrey Dahmer.
Pauly Shore - I think the best comedy comes from stuff that's based in reality.
Pauly Shore - I'm definitely a lot more comfortable now in my 40s than in my 30s - that's for sure.
Pauly Shore - I giggle when I put myself down. It's just funny to me.
Pauly Shore - I'm not used to getting good reviews.
Pauly Shore - People should stop poking fun at other people and worry about themselves.
Pauly Shore - When you put yourself out into the world and say, 'Hey, look at me,' you're going to get criticized.
Pauly Shore - Comedy wasn't something I chose - it chose me. I was just inherently funny when I was a kid.
Pauly Shore - That's the biggest rule in Hollywood: Don't spend your own money.
Pauly Shore - I really don't go out every night to red-carpet events.
Payal Kadakia - Be true to yourself and surround yourself with positive, supportive people.
Payal Kadakia - Surround yourself with people who lift you higher.
Payal Kadakia - Surround yourself with people who only lift you higher.
Payal Kadakia - Having challenges in your life open doors for you.
Payal Kadakia - I get bursts of creativity with bursts of physical activity.
Payal Kadakia - Working out is so mentally and physically important.
Payal Kadakia - The worst thing you can do is sit there and do nothing, right?
Payal Kadakia - The impact we have on people's lives, to me, is more important than any title anyone can carry.
Payal Kadakia - I want little girls to believe that they can be CEOs.
Payal Kadakia - I believe you win the race by looking forward, not behind.
Peace Pilgrim - If you realized how powerful your thoughts are, you would never think a negative thought.
Peace Pilgrim - We are all cells in the same body of humanity.
Peace Pilgrim - This is the way of peace: Overcome evil with good, falsehood with truth, and hatred with love.
Peace Pilgrim - I don't eat junk foods and I don't think junk thoughts.
Peace Pilgrim - As I lived up to the highest light I had, higher and higher light came to me.
Peace Pilgrim - For light I go directly to the Source of light, not to any of the reflections.
Peace Pilgrim - The way of peace is the way of love. Love is the greatest power on earth. It conquers all things.
Peace Pilgrim - Worry is a useless mulling over of things we cannot change.
Peace Pilgrim - A pilgrim is a wanderer with a purpose.
Peace Pilgrim - You are within God. God is within you.
Pearl Bailey - A crown, if it hurts us, is not worth wearing.
Pearl Bailey - To talk to someone who does not listen is enough to tense the devil.
Pearl Bailey - What the world really needs is more love and less paper work.
Pearl Bailey - People see God every day, they just don't recognize him.
Pearl Bailey - You never find yourself until you face the truth.
Pearl Bailey - No one can figure out your worth but you.
Pearl Bailey - Hungry people cannot be good at learning or producing anything, except perhaps violence.
Pearl Bailey - We look into mirrors but we only see the effects of our times on us - not our effects on others.
Pearl Bailey - When you're young, the silliest notions seem the greatest achievements.
Pearl Bailey - The first and worst of all frauds is to cheat one's self. All sin is easy after that.
Pearl S. Buck - Love alone could waken love.
Pearl S. Buck - To find joy in work is to discover the fountain of youth.
Pearl S. Buck - Self-expression must pass into communication for its fulfillment.
Pearl S. Buck - Growth itself contains the germ of happiness.
Pearl S. Buck - Praise out of season, or tactlessly bestowed, can freeze the heart as much as blame.
Pearl S. Buck - Love dies only when growth stops.
Pearl S. Buck - One faces the future with one's past.
Pearl S. Buck - Hunger makes a thief of any man.
Pearl S. Buck - When good people in any country cease their vigilance and struggle, then evil men prevail.
Pearl S. Buck - If our American way of life fails the child, it fails us all.
Penelope Cruz - You cannot live your life looking at yourself from someone else's point of view.
Penelope Cruz - My ambition is to be happy.
Penelope Cruz - I have a strong personality, and I say what I think.
Penelope Cruz - One thing that I am proud of: I am really capable of laughing at myself.
Penelope Cruz - I don't know why, but women in a hair salon share their deepest secrets.
Penelope Cruz - Calcutta is like another world. People there are very special and grateful.
Penelope Cruz - Madrid is what I call home, but also the States.
Penelope Cruz - I love Spanish food. My diet is the Mediterranean diet, which is good food. I eat well.
Penelope Cruz - I don't know if I believe in marriage. I believe in family, love and children.
Penelope Cruz - I won't go to places where you're going to find more attention. I go to the opposite.
Penn Jillette - I've never had a drink of alcohol or any drug in my life.
Penn Jillette - If you want to talk about magic, the stuff that blows me away is the stuff that's done close up.
Penn Jillette - I think the media spends a lot of time fooling itself.
Penn Jillette - I came to magic absolutely hating magic on a very, very deep level.
Penn Jillette - I think people under age 55 come to Vegas with a certain sense of irony.
Penn Jillette - Magic is the Special Olympics of entertainment.
Penn Jillette - Comedy is taken care of by a free market.
Penn Jillette - Poker has the feeling of a sport, but you don't have to do push-ups.
Penn Jillette - If you spend a lot of time lying to people, you think a lot about what the truth means.
Penn Jillette - We celebrities are desperate pigs.
Penny Marshall - If you're not having a good time, find something else that gives you some joy in life.
Penny Marshall - I do feel it's important to entertain people. I try to.
Penny Marshall - I wasn't like a girly girl. I was a tomboy.
Penny Marshall - You had to learn at a certain age what sarcasm is, you know?
Penny Marshall - Yankee Stadium was the only thing we had in the Bronx. It was an institution.
Penny Marshall - I have a strange combination of fearlessness and massive insecurity.
Penny Marshall - I like arts and crafts.
Penny Marshall - I'm not the most positive person.
Penny Marshall - I have a good support system of friends and family.
Penny Marshall - I do talk like a truck driver sometimes, or I curse. What can I say?
Pep Guardiola - In football, the worst things are excuses. Excuses mean you cannot grow or move forward.
Pep Guardiola - I'm sorry, but until my last day as a coach, I will try to play from my goalkeeper.
Pep Guardiola - We need the whole squad, every player of the team, if we are to be successful.
Pep Guardiola - The Premier League is so difficult.
Pep Guardiola - I don't think in the big clubs in Europe you can find three strikers with an average age of 20.
Pep Guardiola - The most difficult thing in football is to score a goal.
Pep Guardiola - The people say I have to change? Well, the people have to tell me what I should do to change.
Pep Guardiola - People want to be entertained. They don't want to be cheated.
Pep Guardiola - I want to feel the team is playing like I want. If not, why am I here?
Pep Guardiola - A perfectionist? That's part of my job.
Percy Bysshe Shelley - History is a cyclic poem written by time upon the memories of man.
Percy Bysshe Shelley - A poet is a nightingale, who sits in darkness and sings to cheer its own solitude with sweet sounds.
Percy Bysshe Shelley - I have drunken deep of joy, And I will taste no other wine tonight.
Percy Bysshe Shelley - Fear not for the future, weep not for the past.
Percy Bysshe Shelley - If Winter comes, can Spring be far behind?
Percy Bysshe Shelley - War is the statesman's game, the priest's delight, the lawyer's jest, the hired assassin's trade.
Percy Bysshe Shelley - Nothing wilts faster than laurels that have been rested upon.
Percy Bysshe Shelley - Our sweetest songs are those that tell of saddest thought.
Percy Bysshe Shelley - Familiar acts are beautiful through love.
Percy Bysshe Shelley - Soul meets soul on lovers' lips.
Pete Gallego - I saw how hard my parents worked, and I didn't want to be a freeloader.
Pete Gallego - How do you defend inaction in the face of crisis? How is that defensible for anybody?
Pete Gallego - A robust democracy requires active participation.
Pete Gallego - I'm confident in my strengths. I'm prepared to jump any hurdle.
Pete Gallego - You want to empower people who think like you do.
Pete Gallego - PACs don't vote in the district; people do.
Pete Gallego - Every decision I make in Congress will be centered on the needs of the district.
Pete Gallego - I didn't come to Washington to be part of the problem.
Pete Gallego - I learned long ago you run unopposed, or you run scared.
Pete Gallego - Obama's very unpopular. I don't need a poll to tell me that.
Pete Hamill - If it's a beautiful day, I love taking walks. The walks are always aimless.
Pete Hamill - Confession alone is not necessarily good for the soul.
Pete Hamill - Writing is so entwined with my being that I can't imagine a life without it.
Pete Hamill - I'm so concerned with morgues and libraries of the newspapers.
Pete Hamill - The replenishing thing that comes with a nap - you end up with two mornings in a day.
Pete Hamill - Any of us who've been newspapermen for a long time hate generalizations.
Pete Hamill - Journalism is a team sport. Writing novels is golf: it's you and the ball.
Pete Hamill - Everybody needs an editor.
Pete Hamill - Writers are rememberers.
Pete Hamill - You've got to have something in your life you don't sell to others.
Pete Rose - If somebody is gracious enough to give me a second chance, I won't need a third.
Pete Rose - I'd walk through hell in a gasoline suit to play baseball.
Pete Rose - Somebody's gotta win and somebody's gotta lose and I believe in letting the other guy lose.
Pete Rose - No matter how many times you say you're sorry, somebody is not going to hear you.
Pete Rose - See the ball; hit the ball.
Pete Rose - Sometimes, when you don't have spark, someone in the dugout has to create something.
Pete Rose - I love WWE.
Pete Rose - It's a round ball and a round bat, and you got to hit it square.
Pete Rose - Am I still in uniform? Then I ain't retired.
Pete Rose - I'm just like everybody else. I have two arms, two legs and four-thousand hits.
Pete Sampras - All I cared about in tennis was winning.
Pete Sampras - I could be a jerk and get a lot more publicity, but that's not who I am.
Pete Sampras - I am going to hold serve the majority of the time. It is nice to have a little time to return serve.
Pete Sampras - I hate to lose, and I do whatever I can to win, and if it is ugly, it is ugly.
Pete Sampras - It is nice to walk out on a court to have it packed.
Pete Sampras - You kind of live and die by the serve.
Pete Sampras - I don't know how I do it, I really don't.
Pete Sampras - I'm staying in shape, working out.
Pete Sampras - I've got a great wife, a great life.
Pete Sampras - Golfers are forever working on mechanics. My tennis swing hasn't changed in 10 years.
Pete Seeger - I want to turn the clock back to when people lived in small villages and took care of each other.
Pete Seeger - If there's something wrong, speak up!
Pete Seeger - I fought for peace in the fifties.
Pete Seeger - I feel that my whole life is a contribution.
Pete Seeger - It's a very important thing to learn to talk to people you disagree with.
Pete Seeger - Songs won't save the planet, but neither will books or speeches.
Pete Seeger - Being generous of spirit is a wonderful way to live.
Pete Seeger - Education is when you read the fine print. Experience is what you get if you don't.
Pete Seeger - Historically, I believe I was correct in refusing to answer their questions.
Pete Seeger - Again, I say I will be glad to tell what songs I have ever sung, because singing is my business.
Pete Townshend - We tried not to age, but time had its rage.
Pete Townshend - It's an ordinary day for Brian. Like, he died every day, you know.
Pete Townshend - It's like the mod thing is happening again.
Pete Townshend - I'm only interested in rites of passage stories.
Pete Townshend - A lot of my audience are in their 50s. But they want me to pretend to continue to be pretending.
Pete Townshend - I know how it feels to be a woman because I am a woman. And I won't be classified as just a man.
Pete Townshend - I was born with a plastic spoon in my mouth.
Pete Townshend - I've learned a huge amount because I've been tested and, more importantly, I've been trusted.
Pete Townshend - I want to age with some dignity.
Pete Townshend - Bob Dylan did the first really long record - Like A Rolling Stone - I think it was four minutes.
Peter Bart - A green-light meeting is when the decision is made finally whether or not to make a given picture.
Peter Bart - The green-light decision process today consists of maybe of 30 or 40 people.
Peter Bart - One of Brando's problems is that he can't have a conversation with anyone.
Peter Bart - Hollywood is going to have to find a way of meeting those profit goals.
Peter Bart - I wasn't hanging around the movie theaters in New York where I grew up, a Manhattan brat.
Peter Bart - Most movie-goers are overdosing on star coverage; it's the ultimate example of too much information.
Peter Bart - Study the public behavior of top stars and you can detect a keen attentiveness to brand value.
Peter Bart - That's how you get surprises, because what movies are all about is surprises.
Peter Bart - The biggest danger of Hollywood becoming a purely corporate town resides in the creative process.
Peter Bart - We're going to see a very, very commercial kind of picture-making.
Peter Capaldi - I think the periods of being unsuccessful have made me a better actor.
Peter Capaldi - Shouting at people keeps you alive, healthy, young, fresh.
Peter Capaldi - Comic-Con is so legendary, so a great thrill to be invited along.
Peter Capaldi - I've always been interested in the idea of people who fell through the cracks.
Peter Capaldi - Real heroes are all around us and uncelebrated.
Peter Capaldi - I don't like parties. There was never a party I was at where I didn't wish I was somewhere else.
Peter Capaldi - Every viewer who ever turned on 'Doctor Who' has taken him into his heart. He belongs to all of us.
Peter Capaldi - It's weathered many a storm, but the British film industry is, thankfully, still afloat.
Peter Capaldi - I'm pretty good for an old geek.
Peter Capaldi - A little showbiz never hurt anyone.
Peter Diamandis - Have an open mind - allow different ideas into your way of thinking.
Peter Diamandis - If the risk is fully aligned with your purpose and mission, then it's worth considering.
Peter Diamandis - 3D printing has digitized the entire manufacturing process.
Peter Diamandis - The old newspaper adage, 'If it bleeds, it leads,' is as true today as it was a century ago.
Peter Diamandis - Space is an inspirational concept that allows you to dream big.
Peter Diamandis - If anyone has seen success and failure on a global stage, it's my friend Steve Forbes.
Peter Diamandis - I view risk-aversion as crippling America in many ways.
Peter Diamandis - Nothing is more precious than life... especially the life of your child.
Peter Diamandis - Bad news sells because the amygdala is always looking for something to fear.
Peter Diamandis - The truest drive comes from doing what you love.
Peter Dinklage - Anything that opens up people's perceptions a bit is good.
Peter Dinklage - Since I've joined 'Game of Thrones,' it's been such a pleasure.
Peter Dinklage - Does anybody actually go out in L.A.? When I lived there, I'd just stay in my apartment.
Peter Dinklage - I was fortunate enough to have an upbringing that made me more accepting of who I am.
Peter Dinklage - I never lived in an abandoned railroad station.
Peter Dinklage - I am this guy who's four and a half feet tall, but my life doesn't constantly address it.
Peter Dinklage - Even 'Lord of the Rings' had dwarf-tossing jokes in it. It's like, 'Really?'
Peter Dinklage - You'd be surprised how condescending people can be.
Peter Dinklage - I dress and eat like a fifth-grader, basically. I like sandwiches and cereal and hooded sweatshirts.
Peter Dinklage - Dwarves are still the butt of jokes. It's one of the last bastions of acceptable prejudice.
Peter Falk - I lose things. I am preoccupied. I am misty. Eyeglasses? I go through eyeglasses like tissue.
Peter Falk - I'm just looking to get through the day.
Peter Falk - I never understood a word John Cassavetes said. And I think he did that deliberately.
Peter Falk - The only mountain that I would still like to climb: I'd like to break 85.
Peter Falk - My idea of Heaven is to wake up, have a good breakfast, and spend the rest of the day drawing.
Peter Falk - I came to Hollywood and nobody knew me. I was on a coupla TV shows.
Peter Falk - I did do my own stunts.
Peter Falk - You talk about what a director, he was smart. He said, Turn the camera on!
Peter Falk - If it wasn't for the Mark Twain Masquers, I don't know where my life would have gone.
Peter Falk - I'm not an ace at small talk.
Peter Hook - Sarcasm is a Manchester trait.
Peter Hook - When you DJ, you're just on your own, which is nice because there's no argument.
Peter Hook - I'd rather have ten people who are mad for it than ten thousand who aren't.
Peter Hook - Democracy for us tends to be has to do with who shouts the loudest!
Peter Hook - Nobody is the same. If we were all the same it would be bloody boring.
Peter Hook - The chemistry involved made everything Factory did quite special.
Peter Hook - What I've learned is that life is a balance between idealism and realism.
Peter Hook - Bootleggers quake in fear of me ringing them on a Sunday afternoon. I call after dinner, usually.
Peter Hook - My big frustration in New Order was that they played the same tracks all the time.
Peter Hook - When you get the right people together, writing music becomes very effortless.
Peter Jackson - The most honest form of filmmaking is to make a film for yourself.
Peter Jackson - New Zealand is not a small country but a large village.
Peter Jackson - Film is such a powerful medium. It's like a weapon and I think you have a duty to self-censor.
Peter Jackson - Rivalry doesn't help anybody.
Peter Jackson - Filmmaking for me is always aiming for the imaginary movie and never achieving it.
Peter Jackson - The only thing about 3-D is the dullness of the image.
Peter Jackson - I was bullied and regarded as little bit of an oddball myself.
Peter Jackson - As a filmmaker, you want nothing more than to have people say, 'I love your movie.'
Peter Jackson - I love Bilbo Baggins. I relate really well to Bilbo!
Peter Jackson - I never wanted to do 'The Hobbit' in the first place.
Peter Jennings - Some people continue to pretend that anchor people are reporters.
Peter Jennings - Always have a sense of humor about life - you'll need it - but always be courteous to boot.
Peter Jennings - I'm an immigrant and I've always wanted to write something about America.
Peter Jennings - The candidate out front on Labor Day has historically been the one who stayed ahead in November.
Peter Jennings - I'm a little concerned about this notion everybody wants us to be objective.
Peter Jennings - A couple of weeks is a long time in American politics.
Peter Jennings - As a journalist, one tends to think there's nothing off limits.
Peter Jennings - Do I think I was put here on earth to be a journalist and to seek truth? No, I don't.
Peter Jennings - I don't think a reporter should give advice or make predictions.
Peter Jennings - I think I am very mainstream - I'm committed to good works in my life.
Peter McWilliams - Definition of a victim: a person to whom life happens.
Peter McWilliams - If you're not actively involved in getting what you want, you don't really want it.
Peter McWilliams - It's your life. Live it with people who are alive. It tends to be contagious.
Peter McWilliams - Do what you love and the necessary resources will follow.
Peter McWilliams - The road to positivity is strewn with the abandoned vehicles of the faint-hearted.
Peter McWilliams - Fear is something to be moved through, not something to be turned from.
Peter McWilliams - Choosing what you want to do, and when to do it, is an act of creation.
Peter McWilliams - To avoid situations in which you might make mistakes may be the biggest mistake of all.
Peter McWilliams - Our thoughts create our reality - where we put our focus is the direction we tend to go.
Peter McWilliams - Life is not a struggle. It's a wiggle.
Peter O'Toole - I was apprehensive about bringing off this Homer.
Peter O'Toole - I've never looked for women. When I was a teenager, perhaps.
Peter O'Toole - I'm the most gregarious of men and love good company, but never less alone when alone.
Peter O'Toole - My dear sir, it haunted me for the rest of my life.
Peter O'Toole - I wouldn't mind being a lord.
Peter O'Toole - Life turned out much better than I thought. I knew after a little while that I could act.
Peter O'Toole - There is a legend. And to protest is daft.
Peter O'Toole - For me, life has either been a wake or a wedding.
Peter O'Toole - The only exercise I take is walking behind the coffins of friends who took exercise.
Peter O'Toole - I can't stand light. I hate weather.
Peter Shaffer - Art and literature are my surrogate religions.
Peter Shaffer - I was an accomplice in my own frustration.
Peter Shaffer - Everything we feel is made of Time. All the beauties of life are shaped by it.
Peter Shaffer - Passion, you see, can be destroyed by a doctor. It cannot be created.
Peter Shaffer - If London is a watercolor, New York is an oil painting.
Peter Shaffer - Rehearsing a play is making the word flesh. Publishing a play is reversing the process.
Peter Shaffer - I think people nowadays do tend to blame their parents for everything.
Peter Shaffer - The rhetoric is the key to the character. It's the verbal music of the piece.
Peter Shaffer - I think I did have fantasies about being an actor. In fact, I know I did.
Peter Shaffer - I think possibly the first film that has music as its leading character.
Peter Singer - I don't think there's anything in the compromise that means that there's a clash of ethics.
Peter Singer - I think ethics is always there; it's not always a very thoughtful or reflective ethics.
Peter Singer - More often there's a compromise between ethics and expediency.
Peter Singer - The notion that human life is sacred just because it is human life is medieval.
Peter Singer - Scholars have long dreamed of a universal library containing everything that has ever been written.
Peter Singer - Knowing that we can control our own behaviour makes it more likely that we will.
Peter Singer - The Internet, like the steam engine, is a technological breakthrough that changed the world.
Peter Singer - You shouldn't say 'animals' to distinguish between humans and non-humans. We are all animals.
Peter Singer - We tend to think that people are more to blame for their acts than for their omissions.
Peter Singer - I find it extraordinary that anyone would have an intellectual conversion to Roman Catholicism.
Peter Steele - I think anyone who has an opinion, and voices it, will offend someone.
Peter Steele - So I don't cry anymore, I just beat people up. It's a lot more fun.
Peter Steele - It's bad poetry executed by people that can't sing. That's my definition of Rap.
Peter Steele - I think all recent music sucks, and that includes Type O Negative.
Peter Steele - Well, darkness with humor... I'm not an extremely suicidal or sad person.
Peter Steele - Instead of slashing my wrists, I just write a bunch of really crummy songs.
Peter Steele - As far as humor goes, I've always been a very insecure person and I've always wanted to be liked.
Peter Steele - If they weren't laughing with me, okay; if they want to laugh at me it's better than nothing.
Peter Steele - I think aerobics are great, of course, but it just bores me out of my mind.
Peter Steele - I don't really like to play live. I don't like to be on stage. I feel very self-conscious.
Peter Thiel - Technology just means information technology.
Peter Thiel - If you do something new, it will always look a little bit strange.
Peter Thiel - How to teach people to do what hasn't been done is a great riddle.
Peter Thiel - There's always a sense that people will do things quite differently if they think they have privacy.
Peter Thiel - The core problem in our society is political correctness.
Peter Thiel - We live in a world in which courage is in less supply than genius.
Peter Thiel - A diploma is a dunce hat in disguise.
Peter Thiel - We protect monopolies with copyright.
Peter Thiel - The future is limitless.
Peter Thiel - There's absolutely no bubble in technology.
Peter Ustinov - Comedy is simply a funny way of being serious.
Peter Ustinov - Parents are the bones on which children cut their teeth.
Peter Ustinov - Love is an act of endless forgiveness, a tender look which becomes a habit.
Peter Ustinov - It is our responsibilities, not ourselves, that we should take seriously.
Peter Ustinov - If Botticelli were alive today he'd be working for Vogue.
Peter Ustinov - The habit of religion is oppressive, an easy way out of thought.
Peter Ustinov - Her virtue was that she said what she thought, her vice that what she thought didn't amount to much.
Peter Ustinov - Monica Seles: I'd hate to be next door to her on her wedding night.
Peter Ustinov - A diplomat these days is nothing, but a head waiter who is allowed to sit down occasionally.
Peter Ustinov - The truth is really an ambition which is beyond us.
Peyton Manning - Pressure is something you feel when you don't know what the hell you're doing.
Peyton Manning - I committed my life to Christ, and that faith has been most important to me ever since.
Peyton Manning - My closest friends are from my high school days.
Peyton Manning - I understand the seriousness of concussions.
Peyton Manning - I'm the best Manning.
Peyton Manning - Imitation is obviously a great form of flattery.
Peyton Manning - I don't want to retire. I still want to play.
Peyton Manning - I'd like people to understand that I do have some personality.
Peyton Manning - Some guys leave a place after a long time, and they're bitter. Not me.
Peyton Manning - I would love to have played in the '60s. Now that would have been fun.
Phaedrus - An alliance with a powerful person is never safe.
Phaedrus - Gentleness is the antidote for cruelty.
Phaedrus - Everyone ought to bear patiently the results of his own conduct.
Phaedrus - Success tempts many to their ruin.
Phaedrus - Things are not always as they seem; the first appearance deceives many.
Phaedrus - The intelligence of few perceives what has been carefully hidden in the recesses of the mind.
Phaedrus - Everyone is bound to bear patiently the results of his own example.
Phaedrus - A learned man has always riches in himself.
Phaedrus - Submit to the present evil, lest a greater one befall you.
Phaedrus - Whoever is detected in a shameful fraud is ever after not believed even if they speak the truth.
Pharrell Williams - When it comes to luggage, I am an underpacker.
Pharrell Williams - When I'm in the mood for room service, my favorite order is a peanut-butter-and-jelly sandwich.
Pharrell Williams - I love when things are transparent, free and clear of all inhibition and judgment.
Pharrell Williams - I'm always consciously trying to make what I feel is missing.
Pharrell Williams - I love what I do, I love my job.
Pharrell Williams - I'm just very thankful. And I say that a lot because that's the most important message.
Pharrell Williams - I like the world.
Pharrell Williams - For me, nothing is given.
Pharrell Williams - I love when things are transparent, free and clear of all inhibition and judgement.
Pharrell Williams - I only entertain very close friends.
Phil Collins - I'm not a singer who plays a bit of drums. I'm a drummer that sings a bit.
Phil Collins - Beyond a certain point, the music isn't mine anymore. It's yours.
Phil Collins - The world is in your hands, now use it.
Phil Collins - I've spent the last year and a half going through a very public separation, hiding in hotel lobbies.
Phil Collins - I'm just trying to do things that are interesting for me.
Phil Collins - It's actually come as quite a shock to learn just how many people don't like me.
Phil Collins - My only saving grace is that I actually collect things that nobody else is interested in.
Phil Collins - And, you know, I never wanted to be a singer.
Phil Collins - It's not often that an English drummer gets an Oscar. So I'm very, very proud of that.
Phil Collins - That's going to be on my headstone: 'He came. He wrote 'In the Air Tonight.' He... died.'
Phil Gingrey - Deep ocean drilling is not new.
Phil Gingrey - I am a career physician. I practiced for 32 years before I began my career as a public servant.
Phil Gingrey - As a physician for over 30 years, I am well aware of the dangers infectious diseases pose.
Phil Gingrey - I don't have hard edges.
Phil Gingrey - I get along with people. But I don't sacrifice my principles either.
Phil Gingrey - I will continue fighting to protect our Second Amendment rights.
Phil Gingrey - As long as I am in the Congress, I will continue to fight for and defend our sacred values.
Phil Gingrey - I have actively opposed every bailout, every rebate check, every so called 'stimulus.'
Phil Gingrey - I pledge to give all there is of myself.
Phil Gingrey - I am not going to exploit, for political purposes, my opponent's youth and inexperience.
Phil Jackson - Always keep an open mind and a compassionate heart.
Phil Jackson - Wisdom is always an overmatch for strength.
Phil Jackson - Pau is one of the best big men in the game. I mean, Pau Gasol is going to be in the Hall of Fame.
Phil Jackson - I gave it my body and mind, but I have kept my soul.
Phil Jackson - If you meet the Buddha in the lane, feed him the ball.
Phil Jackson - Love is the force that ignites the spirit and binds teams together.
Phil Jackson - I played hockey in North Dakota growing up and watch a lot of that.
Phil Jackson - I'm not going to coach again. I've done my coaching, and I think I can put that aside.
Phil Jackson - Your problems never cease. They just change.
Phil Jackson - The winter's a little bit daunting in Montana.
Phil Klay - Resilience is, of course, necessary for a warrior. But a lack of empathy isn't.
Phil Klay - War is complicated and intense, and it takes time and thoughts to understand what it was.
Phil Klay - I have, for a very long time, been a huge admirer of Marilynne Robinson, whose work I just love.
Phil Klay - Oftentimes, discussion of war gets flattened to a discussion of trauma.
Phil Klay - Responsibility and accountability is a big part of being in the military.
Phil Klay - Sometimes macho language is to mask things people are not ready to deal with.
Phil Klay - One thing I've always liked about the military is there's a certain amount of pragmatism.
Phil Klay - Bombs do very, very bad things to human bodies. It's incredibly shocking to see.
Phil Klay - People have a very political way of looking at war, and that's understandable.
Phil Klay - I love opera. I love jazz, especially Mingus. This makes me sound highbrow. I'm not.
Philip James Bailey - Simplicity is natures first step, and the last of art.
Philip James Bailey - Art is man's nature; nature is God's art.
Philip James Bailey - Respect is what we owe; love, what we give.
Philip James Bailey - Prayer is the spirit speaking truth to Truth.
Philip James Bailey - America, thou half-brother of the world; with something good and bad of every land.
Philip James Bailey - Kindness is wisdom.
Philip James Bailey - The long days are no happier than the short ones.
Philip James Bailey - Envy's a coal comes hissing hot from Hell.
Philip James Bailey - The sole equality on earth is death.
Philip James Bailey - Man is a military animal, glories in gunpowder, and loves parade.
Philip Johnson - Architecture is basically the design of interiors, the art of organizing interior space.
Philip Johnson - Architecture is the art of how to waste space.
Philip Johnson - I always think of buildings in their settings, but so do other architects.
Philip Johnson - I hate vacations. If you can build buildings, why sit on the beach?
Philip Johnson - Don't build a glass house if you're worried about saving money on heating.
Philip Johnson - If architects weren't arrogant, they wouldn't be architects. I don't know a modest good architect.
Philip Johnson - Doing a house is so much harder than doing a skyscraper.
Philip Johnson - I got everything from someone. Nobody can be original.
Philip Johnson - I'm about four skyscrapers behind.
Philip Johnson - All architects want to live beyond their deaths.
Philip K. Dick - It is sometimes an appropriate response to reality to go insane.
Philip K. Dick - Strange how paranoia can link up with reality now and then.
Philip K. Dick - Don't try to solve serious matters in the middle of the night.
Philip K. Dick - The Martians are always coming.
Philip K. Dick - Reality is that which, when you stop believing in it, doesn't go away.
Philip K. Dick - I am one of the elect, one of the few in the know, in the gnosis.
Philip K. Dick - When I believe, I am crazy. When I don't believe, I suffer psychotic depression.
Philip K. Dick - I am a fictionalizing philosopher, not a novelist.
Philip K. Dick - The core of my writing is not art but truth.
Philip K. Dick - I dreamed: I am the fish whose flesh is eaten, and because I am fat, it is good.
Philip Seymour Hoffman - I know I wasn't as handsome as some other guys, but I was OK with that.
Philip Seymour Hoffman - Life's pretty funny when you're objectively on the outside looking at it.
Philip Seymour Hoffman - One person's religion is another person's cult.
Philip Seymour Hoffman - Creating something is all about problem-solving.
Philip Seymour Hoffman - I think I'm less anonymous than I was.
Philip Seymour Hoffman - No one wants to be pretentious about what they do or take it seriously, because that is just weird.
Philip Seymour Hoffman - You can look at anything as a cult. Churches are cults in their own way.
Philip Seymour Hoffman - Well, I think everyone struggles with self-love.
Philip Seymour Hoffman - People actually live with their id exposed. They're not good at concealing what's going on inside.
Philip Seymour Hoffman - Films are always a fiction, not documentary. Even a documentary is a kind of fiction.
Philip Stanhope, 4th Earl of Chesterfield - Our own self-love draws a thick veil between us and our faults.
Philip Stanhope, 4th Earl of Chesterfield - In seeking wisdom thou art wise; in imagining that thou hast attained it - thou art a fool.
Philip Stanhope, 4th Earl of Chesterfield - An injury is much sooner forgotten than an insult.
Philip Stanhope, 4th Earl of Chesterfield - Sex: the pleasure is momentary, the position ridiculous, and the expense damnable.
Philip Stanhope, 4th Earl of Chesterfield - Good humor is the health of the soul, sadness is its poison.
Philip Stanhope, 4th Earl of Chesterfield - Whoever is in a hurry shows that the thing he is about is too big for him.
Philip Stanhope, 4th Earl of Chesterfield - Swift speedy time, feathered with flying hours, Dissolves the beauty of the fairest brow.
Philip Stanhope, 4th Earl of Chesterfield - Be wiser than other people if you can, but do not tell them so.
Philip Stanhope, 4th Earl of Chesterfield - In those days he was wiser than he is now - he used frequently to take my advice.
Philip Stanhope, 4th Earl of Chesterfield - The mere brute pleasure of reading - the sort of pleasure a cow must have in grazing.
Philippe Petit - I am the poet of the high wire - I never do stunts; I do theatrical performances.
Philippe Petit - Passion is the motto of all my actions.
Philippe Petit - In my life, I wanted to meet certain people. I never met Charlie Chaplin, but I met Werner Herzog.
Philippe Petit - There is a child inside me that wants to come out and do something to surprise all the adults.
Philippe Petit - It's very easy to walk on a wire if you spend a whole lifetime practicing for it.
Philippe Petit - My journey has always been the balance between chaos and order.
Philippe Petit - I was never part of the sailing circle, but I enjoy when I'm invited to sail.
Philippe Petit - Every year, I am conscious of the anniversary of my 1974 World Trade Center walk.
Philippe Petit - Usually, when I walk on a wire, I inspect the anchor point on both sides before crossing.
Philippe Petit - It is treacherous on a high wire to change your focus point and suddenly look down.
Phillips Brooks - Be patient and understanding. Life is too short to be vengeful or malicious.
Phillips Brooks - Forgive, forget. Bear with the faults of others as you would have them bear with yours.
Phillips Brooks - Happiness is the natural flower of duty.
Phillips Brooks - Christianity helps us face the music even when we don't like the tune.
Phillips Brooks - Do not pray for easy lives. Pray to be stronger men!
Phillips Brooks - Set yourself earnestly to see what you are made to do, and then set yourself earnestly to do it.
Phillips Brooks - Charity should begin at home, but should not stay there.
Phillips Brooks - Character may be manifested in the great moments, but it is made in the small ones.
Phillips Brooks - A prayer in its simplest definition is merely a wish turned Godward.
Phillips Brooks - It does not take great men to do great things; it only takes consecrated men.
Phyllis Diller - A smile is a curve that sets everything straight.
Phyllis Diller - Burt Reynolds once asked me out. I was in his room.
Phyllis Diller - I want my children to have all the things I couldn't afford. Then I want to move in with them.
Phyllis Diller - Always be nice to your children because they are the ones who will choose your rest home.
Phyllis Diller - Aim high, and you won't shoot your foot off.
Phyllis Diller - Whatever you may look like, marry a man your own age - as your beauty fades, so will his eyesight.
Phyllis Diller - Never go to bed mad. Stay up and fight.
Phyllis Diller - A bachelor is a guy who never made the same mistake once.
Phyllis Diller - My photographs don't do me justice - they just look like me.
Phyllis Diller - It's a good thing that beauty is only skin deep, or I'd be rotten to the core.
Phyllis Schlafly - When it comes to determining child custody, however, sexism is the rule.
Phyllis Schlafly - Forcing women in or near land combat will hurt recruiting, not help.
Phyllis Schlafly - Bite us once, shame on the dog; bite us repeatedly, shame on us for allowing it.
Phyllis Schlafly - People think that child-support enforcement benefits children, but it doesn't.
Phyllis Schlafly - The European nations' loss of sovereignty to the EU should be a warning to Americans.
Phyllis Schlafly - Many professors are Marxists or other varieties of radicals who hate America.
Phyllis Schlafly - The worst censors are those prohibiting criticism of the theory of evolution in the classroom.
Phyllis Schlafly - How can we protect homeland security unless the government stops the invasion of illegal aliens?
Phyllis Schlafly - In a world of inhumanity, war and terrorism, American citizenship is a very precious possession.
Phyllis Schlafly - Birth on U.S. territory has never been an absolute claim to citizenship.
Pico Iyer - For centuries, Cuba's greatest resource has been its people.
Pico Iyer - The more ways we have to connect, the more many of us seem desperate to unplug.
Pico Iyer - Hello Kitty will never speak.
Pico Iyer - We have more and more ways to communicate, as Thoreau noted, but less and less to say.
Pico Iyer - A holy day, after all, is a day for considering everything you otherwise think too little about.
Pico Iyer - Home is, in the end, not just the place where you sleep, but the place where you stand.
Pico Iyer - A book doesn't have to be a literary classic, of course, to change us forever.
Pico Iyer - American dreams are strongest in the hearts of those who have seen America only in their dreams.
Pico Iyer - A writer is a palmist, reading the lines of the planet.
Pico Iyer - Certainly, I think Canada is many years ahead of the curve and still the great global pioneer.
Pierce Brosnan - My religious philosophy is kindness. Try to be kind. That's something worth achieving.
Pierce Brosnan - Oh, humiliation is poisonous. It's one of the deepest pains of being human.
Pierce Brosnan - I'm one of those guys who believes that you need a strong woman in your life.
Pierce Brosnan - No one can escape life's pain. That's life.
Pierce Brosnan - I had to have some balls to be Irish Catholic in South London. Most of that time I spent fighting.
Pierce Brosnan - James Bond is one of those heroes that all guys feel they could actually be like.
Pierce Brosnan - Indian cinema is entertaining, and what I love most about it is the songs and dances in the films.
Pierce Brosnan - I've been a married man most of my life; that's the way I like it.
Pierce Brosnan - You're always going to have to prove yourself, because acting is such a capricious game.
Pierce Brosnan - I realise how precious life is, probably because I've seen how it can be taken away.
Pierre de Coubertin - The important thing in life is not to triumph but to compete.
Pierre de Coubertin - Sport is the habitual and voluntary cultivation of intensive physical effort.
Pierre de Coubertin - Holding an Olympic Games means evoking history.
Pierre de Coubertin - Swifter, higher, stronger.
Pierre de Coubertin - The Olympic Games are the quadrennial celebration of the springtime of humanity.
Pierre de Coubertin - Sport must be accessible to working class youth.
Pierre de Coubertin - For each individual, sport is a possible source for inner improvement.
Pierre de Coubertin - All sports must be treated on the basis of equality.
Pierre de Coubertin - All sports for all people.
Pierre de Coubertin - Success comprises in itself the seeds of its own decline and sport is not spared by this law.
Pilou Asbaek - Life is not black and white; there is some gray nuance to it.
Pilou Asbaek - It's always difficult when you're working with Mother Nature, because you need to adapt to that.
Pilou Asbaek - The most exciting thing about joining 'Game Of Thrones' is joining 'Game Of Thrones.'
Pilou Asbaek - I'm an actor. 99.9% of all actors in the world have been in denial towards the military.
Pilou Asbaek - I don't know - the whole leading man, I don't buy it.
Pilou Asbaek - As a private person, I am maybe more 'Eurovision' than Kasper Juul.
Pilou Asbaek - I'm trying to have a family and a career.
Pilou Asbaek - I'm a father first.
Pilou Asbaek - Films come and go. Families stay.
Pilou Asbaek - I want to keep pushing those boundaries of acting.
Pim Fortuyn - I say what I think, and I do what I say!
Pim Fortuyn - Muslims have a very bad attitude to homosexuality, they're very intolerant.
Pim Fortuyn - What we are witnessing now is a clash of civilisations, not just between states but within them.
Pim Fortuyn - All those who are here can stay. I don't say send them home like he does.
Pim Fortuyn - I'm not anti-Muslim; I'm not anti-immigration.
Pim Fortuyn - Le Pen is old; I'm young.
Pim Fortuyn - There is tension between the values of modern society and the principles of Islam.
Pim Fortuyn - I have no desire to go through the emancipation of women and homosexuals all over again.
Pim Fortuyn - Why they vote for me is irrelevant, but if they do, they're in safe hands.
Pim Fortuyn - Moroccan boys never steal from Moroccans.
Pink - My mom has always wished me a daughter just like me.
Pink - When you have a dark side, nothing is ever as good as it seems.
Pink - Sometimes I wish I was poetic and subtle. I write very bold and blunt and tell it like it is.
Pink - I love the shows that are in dingy little dark clubs, smoky, no production whatsoever.
Pink - 'Sexy' doesn't have to come with the price tag of being dumb.
Pink - I've learned I'm not lying by not saying anything, so I just don't say it anymore.
Pink - I've always felt like the underdog, and I'm comfortable with that label.
Pink - I write from my life, my experience. I'm selfish that way.
Pink - Cameron Diaz was so cute at the MTV Movie Awards when she pulled her skirt up and wiped her armpits.
Pink - I change my mind so much I need two boyfriends and a girlfriend.
Pitbull - Music is my hustle.
Pitbull - I'm taking all the negatives in my life, and turning them into a positive.
Pitbull - I'm in the major league now.
Pitbull - My owner is life and that's what I fight for.
Pitbull - I'm here to entertain.
Pitbull - I look at this game from a different perspective.
Pitbull - I like to keep my money at the end of the day.
Pitbull - You can't get much whiter than me.
Pitbull - I'm taking a lot of freestyle music and flipping it.
Pitbull - I'm no longer an artist, I'm a business partner.
Plautus - Let us celebrate the occasion with wine and sweet words.
Plautus - He who seeks for gain, must be at some expense.
Plautus - No blessing lasts forever.
Plautus - Things we do not expect, happen more frequently than we wish.
Plautus - The poor man who enters into a partnership with one who is rich makes a risky venture.
Plautus - A mouse does not rely on just one hole.
Plautus - Conquered, we conquer.
Plautus - Where there are friends there is wealth.
Plautus - Good courage in a bad affair is half of the evil overcome.
Plautus - If you have overcome your inclination and not been overcome by it, you have reason to rejoice.
Pliny the Elder - Home is where the heart is.
Pliny the Elder - Hope is the pillar that holds up the world. Hope is the dream of a waking man.
Pliny the Elder - Truth comes out in wine.
Pliny the Elder - An object in possession seldom retains the same charm that it had in pursuit.
Pliny the Elder - In these matters the only certainty is that nothing is certain.
Pliny the Elder - From the end spring new beginnings.
Pliny the Elder - No mortal man, moreover is wise at all moments.
Pliny the Elder - The best plan is to profit by the folly of others.
Pliny the Elder - There is always something new out of Africa.
Pliny the Elder - The only certainty is that nothing is certain.
Plutarch - What we achieve inwardly will change outer reality.
Plutarch - To find fault is easy; to do better may be difficult.
Plutarch - The mind is not a vessel to be filled but a fire to be kindled.
Plutarch - The very spring and root of honesty and virtue lie in good education.
Plutarch - The omission of good is no less reprehensible than the commission of evil.
Plutarch - Those who aim at great deeds must also suffer greatly.
Plutarch - Know how to listen, and you will profit even from those who talk badly.
Plutarch - The wildest colts make the best horses.
Plutarch - Neither blame or praise yourself.
Plutarch - In words are seen the state of mind and character and disposition of the speaker.
Pope Benedict XVI - The church is not a political power; it's not a party, but it's a moral power.
Pope Benedict XVI - True friends challenge us and help us to be faithful on our journey.
Pope Benedict XVI - An Adult faith does not follow the waves of fashion and the latest novelties.
Pope Benedict XVI - I too hope in this short reign to be a man of peace.
Pope Benedict XVI - We were looking for a 'good shepherd', and instead we got a German shepherd.
Pope Benedict XVI - The outpouring of Christ's blood is the source of the church's life.
Pope Benedict XVI - Our Earth is talking to us, and we must listen to it and decipher its message if we want to survive.
Pope Benedict XVI - We all see that, today, man can destroy the foundation of his existence: his Earth.
Pope Benedict XVI - The truth touches us. We try to be guided by this contact.
Pope Benedict XVI - We need Grace and forgiveness.
Pope John XXIII - It is easier for a father to have children than for children to have a real father.
Pope John XXIII - I have looked into your eyes with my eyes. I have put my heart near your heart.
Pope John XXIII - The true and solid peace of nations consists not in equality of arms, but in mutual trust alone.
Pope John XXIII - See everything, overlook a great deal, correct a little.
Pope John XXIII - A peaceful man does more good than a learned one.
Pope John XXIII - The family is the first essential cell of human society.
Pope John XXIII - The feelings of my smallness and my nothingness always kept me good company.
Pope John XXIII - Born poor, but of honored and humble people, I am particularly proud to die poor.
Pope John XXIII - Here I am at the end of the road and at the top of the heap.
Pope John XXIII - Every man has the right to life, to bodily integrity.
Pope Paul VI - Of all human activities, man's listening to God is the supreme act of his reasoning and will.
Pope Paul VI - In youth the days are short and the years are long. In old age the years are short and day's long.
Pope Paul VI - Never reach out your hand unless you're willing to extend an arm.
Pope Paul VI - Nothing makes one feel so strong as a call for help.
Pope Paul VI - Anger is as a stone cast into a wasp's nest.
Pope Paul VI - A dimple on the chin, the devil within.
Pope Paul VI - Think how many blameless lives are brightened by the blazing indiscretions of other people.
Pope Paul VI - Are there memories left that are safe from the clutches of phony anniversaries?
Pope Paul VI - If you want peace work for justice.
Pope Paul VI - The older the fiddler, the sweeter the tune.
Poppy Delevingne - You could say I'm a bit of a nomad.
Poppy Delevingne - I'm more of a handbag girl; my guilty pleasure is bags. I don't even have a clue how many I own.
Poppy Delevingne - I'm not used to going out every single night, which you can do in New York.
Poppy Delevingne - I love to shut out the world sometimes and hibernate.
Poppy Delevingne - I love maxi dresses, I feel so great when I put on a maxi dress, big earrings and sandals.
Poppy Delevingne - I'm always late for things and always feel like I'm rushing.
Poppy Delevingne - My mother is the bravest human being I've ever come across.
Poppy Delevingne - Choupette literally has the finest tuna, the finest of everything a cat could ever have.
Poppy Delevingne - All I ever wanted was to be a sexy bride, and actually, I think I've turned into a romantic bride.
Poppy Delevingne - I'm bonkers about juicing. I got into it when I lived in L.A. - I'd juice three times a day.
Portia de Rossi - My sexuality is a part of me that I really like. But it's not the totality of me.
Portia de Rossi - It sounds so trite, but my private life is mine.
Portia de Rossi - We must be able to inspire. That's my goal in acting.
Portia de Rossi - I try to be feminine, yet intellectual and smart at the same time. You don't see enough of that.
Portia de Rossi - I don't even like watching sex scenes in movies. I have a slight prudish side to me.
Portia de Rossi - Supermodels are over, and the new picture girl has become the television actress.
Portia de Rossi - I want to exude strength and intelligence.
Portia de Rossi - People might find me attractive, but it's also my job to prove that I can be intelligent.
Portia de Rossi - I justified it in so many ways. I had a very, very long and difficult struggle with my sexuality.
Portia de Rossi - I thought, I'm out in my life, that doesn't involve my public life.
Prince Charles - There's nothing like a jolly good disaster to get people to start doing something.
Prince Charles - Your greatest achievement is to love me.
Prince Charles - I'd rather go by bus.
Prince Charles - Do you seriously expect me to be the first Prince of Wales in history not to have a mistress?
Prince Charles - I learned the way a monkey learns - by watching its parents.
Prince Charles - Hong Kong has created one of the most successful societies on Earth.
Prince Charles - I sometimes wonder if two thirds of the globe is covered in red carpet.
Prince Charles - All the time I feel I must justify my existence.
Prince Charles - I believe passionately that everyone has a particular God-given ability.
Prince Charles - We would never comment on private correspondence.
Prince Royce - At 17, I was working at Sprint in the Bronx so I could make money to fund my own music.
Prince Royce - Everything in life is a risk! I mean, you walk out onto the street and it's a risk! Don't you think?
Prince Royce - I'm not here to try and replace anyone or compete with anyone.
Prince Royce - I think when you translate songs, you lose the real essence and the meaning.
Prince Royce - Media always comments if I wear the same thing twice.
Prince Royce - I would definitely love to work with somebody like Jay Z or Rihanna.
Prince Royce - My dream girl... well, I love eyes. And lips. She has to have nice lips!
Prince Royce - Girls love emotion.
Prince Royce - Every time I collaborate with an artist, I want to surprise fans. I want to do something new.
Prince Royce - I go skydiving often. At least twice a year.
Priyanka Chopra - Any transition is easier if you believe in yourself and your talent.
Priyanka Chopra - I live with romance in my brain. I'm a true-blue Cancerian like that.
Priyanka Chopra - Don't try to squeeze into a glass slipper. Instead, shatter the glass ceiling.
Priyanka Chopra - People keep speculating about my personal life because I am evasive about it.
Priyanka Chopra - My ambition when I was four years old was to be married.
Priyanka Chopra - I live cinema and passionately love music, and my efforts in both these crafts are unfolding.
Priyanka Chopra - I love dabbling in different genres, and I like being good at different genres of cinema.
Priyanka Chopra - I never had any awkward situations with Shah Rukh.
Priyanka Chopra - You can be an absolute woman and also be smart and tough and not lose your femininity.
Priyanka Chopra - I can never be incognito... but I love it!
Psy - The world's most famous and popular language is music.
Psy - I'm not that good looking.
Psy - Everything moves way too fast.
Psy - I never expect I would become a K-pop star.
Psy - I try to dress classy and dance cheesy.
Psy - I just made my album. I did my best. And I uploaded the video just to 'YouTube.' That was all.
Psy - Before 'Gangnam Style' I was not a good attitude artist.
Psy - I need to show the world that my final goal is to perform huge concerts like Madonna.
Psy - As an artist, the more experience, the better the creation. I'm a very positive person.
Psy - I really like the P!nk song with the guy from fun., 'Just Give Me a Reason.'
Publilius Syrus - Good health and good sense are two of life's greatest blessings.
Publilius Syrus - Where there is unity there is always victory.
Publilius Syrus - Anyone can hold the helm when the sea is calm.
Publilius Syrus - A good reputation is more valuable than money.
Publilius Syrus - Fortune is like glass - the brighter the glitter, the more easily broken.
Publilius Syrus - From the errors of others, a wise man corrects his own.
Publilius Syrus - You can accomplish by kindness what you cannot by force.
Publilius Syrus - You cannot put the same shoe on every foot.
Publilius Syrus - The happy man is not he who seems thus to others, but who seems thus to himself.
Publilius Syrus - The opportunity is often lost by deliberating.
Pythagoras - There is geometry in the humming of the strings, there is music in the spacing of the spheres.
Pythagoras - Do not say a little in many words but a great deal in a few.
Pythagoras - A thought is an idea in transit.
Pythagoras - The oldest, shortest words - 'yes' and 'no' - are those which require the most thought.
Pythagoras - There is nothing so easy but that it becomes difficult when you do it reluctantly.
Pythagoras - No one is free who has not obtained the empire of himself.
Pythagoras - The most momentous thing in human life is the art of winning the soul to good or evil.
Pythagoras - Above the cloud with its shadow is the star with its light. Above all things reverence thyself.
Pythagoras - Strength of mind rests in sobriety; for this keeps your reason unclouded by passion.
Pythagoras - Rest satisfied with doing well, and leave others to talk of you as they will.
Queen Latifah - Be bold, be brave enough to be your true self.
Queen Latifah - Beauty is not just a white girl. It's so many different flavors and shades.
Queen Latifah - Every woman is a queen, and we all have different things to offer.
Queen Latifah - Anyone who knows me knows that I'm way more of a joker than I am a serious person.
Queen Latifah - Bowling, I like bowling. I've been getting into this bowling thing. It's kinda fun.
Queen Latifah - I'm not allowed to get a big head, I've still got to do the simple things in life.
Queen Latifah - I have my dad's shape. No booty.
Queen Latifah - I have a drum set in my dressing room. I play drums to relax and have some fun.
Queen Latifah - Always follow your own path.
Queen Latifah - Dreams become reality when we put our minds to it.
Queen Rania of Jordan - If one girl with courage is a revolution, imagine what feats we can achieve together.
Queen Rania of Jordan - We shouldn't judge people through the prism of our own stereotypes.
Queen Rania of Jordan - Of course democracy is good, but it is a process, not a prescription.
Queen Rania of Jordan - To achieve a lasting peace in the Middle East takes guts, not guns.
Queen Rania of Jordan - I'd rather be dealt with as a person than a persona.
Queen Rania of Jordan - When girls are educated, you get effects that cascade throughout society.
Queen Rania of Jordan - Learning to read and write changes lives; it means jobs, money, health, and dreams fulfilled.
Queen Rania of Jordan - I want to be that person who could sacrifice everything for others.
Queen Rania of Jordan - My role models are people who can do things; I say to myself, 'I wish I could do that.'
Queen Rania of Jordan - Being queen is overrated.
Queen Victoria - Being pregnant is an occupational hazard of being a wife.
Queen Victoria - We are not interested in the possibilities of defeat. They do not exist.
Queen Victoria - Everybody grows but me.
Queen Victoria - A marriage is no amusement but a solemn act, and generally a sad one.
Queen Victoria - The important thing is not what they think of me, but what I think of them.
Queen Victoria - I feel sure that no girl would go to the altar if she knew all.
Queen Victoria - An ugly baby is a very nasty object - and the prettiest is frightful.
Queen Victoria - Great events make me quiet and calm; it is only trifles that irritate my nerves.
Queen Victoria - Being married gives one one's position like nothing else can.
Queen Victoria - I don't dislike babies, though I think very young ones rather disgusting.
Quentin Blake - Sometimes I think people get into trouble because they can't say what they want to.
Quentin Blake - Guinea pigs are quite difficult to draw, I think, because they're so furry.
Quentin Blake - You see, I don't draw from life at all, but I do look out of my window a lot.
Quentin Blake - I'm trained as a teacher; that's the only thing I've got a certificate for.
Quentin Blake - Being positive may be a character defect of mine.
Quentin Blake - If you want to read and you want to draw, that helps you to express yourself.
Quentin Blake - Inspiration is some mysterious blessing which happens when the wheels are turning smoothly.
Quentin Blake - I have an assistant who's very good at email, so I don't struggle with it.
Quentin Blake - I do like children, but only as people. Not as if they're a special category.
Quentin Blake - I draw every day - unless I'm being interviewed.
Quentin Crisp - Manners are love in a cool climate.
Quentin Crisp - Euphemisms are unpleasant truths wearing diplomatic cologne.
Quentin Crisp - Is not the whole world a vast house of assignation of which the filing system has been lost?
Quentin Crisp - If at first you don't succeed, failure may be your style.
Quentin Crisp - Life was a funny thing that happened to me on the way to the grave.
Quentin Crisp - My mother protected me from the world and my father threatened me with it.
Quentin Crisp - Fashion is what you adopt when you don't know who you are.
Quentin Crisp - Men get laid, but women get screwed.
Quentin Crisp - Health consists of having the same diseases as one's neighbors.
Quentin Crisp - The trouble with children is that they're not returnable.
Quentin Tarantino - When people ask me if I went to film school I tell them, 'no, I went to films.'
Quentin Tarantino - Violence is one of the most fun things to watch.
Quentin Tarantino - If you just love movies enough, you can make a good one.
Quentin Tarantino - Dogs got personality. Personality goes a long way.
Quentin Tarantino - I steal from every movie ever made.
Quentin Tarantino - To me, America is just another market.
Quentin Tarantino - To be a novelist, all I need is a pen and a piece of paper.
Quentin Tarantino - The good ideas will survive.
Quentin Tarantino - Sergio Leone was a big influence on me because of the spaghetti westerns.
Quentin Tarantino - If I really considered myself a writer, I wouldn't be writing screenplays. I'd be writing novels.
Quincy Jones - Playing the game, and unfortunately, playing the gangster game is very profitable.
Quincy Jones - I met Ray Charles at 14, and he was 16. But he was like a hundred years older than me.
Quincy Jones - It's amazing how much trouble you can get in when you don't have anything else to do.
Quincy Jones - You make your mistakes to learn how to get to the good stuff.
Quincy Jones - I believe in astrology as much as I do in genetics.
Quincy Jones - Everybody has their idiosyncrasies.
Quincy Jones - Music in movies is all about dissonance and consonance, tension and release.
Quincy Jones - If architecture is frozen music then music must be liquid architecture.
Quincy Jones - I'm a great believer in letting lyrics just flow out, wherever they come from.
Quincy Jones - My earliest memories are being pinned to a fence with a switchblade.
Quintilian - Whilst we deliberate how to begin a thing, it grows too late to begin it.
Quintilian - Verse satire indeed is entirely our own.
Quintilian - Those who wish to appear wise among fools, among the wise seem foolish.
Quintilian - The perfection of art is to conceal art.
Quintilian - Nothing is more dangerous to men than a sudden change of fortune.
Quintilian - It is the nurse that the child first hears, and her words that he will first attempt to imitate.
Quintilian - A liar should have a good memory.
Quintilian - We excuse our sloth under the pretext of difficulty.
Quintilian - We must form our minds by reading deep rather than wide.
Quintilian - While we are making up our minds as to when we shall begin, the opportunity is lost.
Quvenzhane Wallis - If I have to be fierce, I'll be fierce.
Quvenzhane Wallis - As soon as I get home, all I want to eat is seafood.
Quvenzhane Wallis - I get to meet different directors and different people.
Quvenzhane Wallis - Nothing else matters except that I have fun, and I'm still having fun.
Quvenzhane Wallis - I feel like I'm five sometimes because I still enjoy myself. I enjoy what I do.
Quvenzhane Wallis - My favorite animal is a polar bear. They're going extinct, and I really don't want that to happen.
Quvenzhane Wallis - I love penguins.
Quvenzhane Wallis - I just keep doing what I'm doing and don't ever give up.
Quvenzhane Wallis - I want to meet everybody on 'Disney Channel' and 'Disney XD' that are alive.
Quvenzhane Wallis - I actually had to learn what an Oscar was.
R. Buckminster Fuller - There is nothing in a caterpillar that tells you it's going to be a butterfly.
R. Buckminster Fuller - Integrity is the essence of everything successful.
R. Buckminster Fuller - How often I found where I should be going only by setting out for somewhere else.
R. Buckminster Fuller - We are called to be architects of the future, not its victims.
R. Buckminster Fuller - God is a verb, not a noun.
R. Buckminster Fuller - I'm not a genius. I'm just a tremendous bundle of experience.
R. Buckminster Fuller - Don't fight forces, use them.
R. Buckminster Fuller - Love is metaphysical gravity.
R. Buckminster Fuller - I just invent, then wait until man comes around to needing what I've invented.
R. Buckminster Fuller - I look for what needs to be done. After all, that's how the universe designs itself.
R. Kelly - If you're gonna tell your life story, you gotta be honest, or don't do it.
R. Kelly - My greatest competition is, well, me.
R. Kelly - Not only did I get an A in music but I got an A in ladies.
R. Kelly - They say marriage will change you but it didn't change me. Being in love changed me.
R. Kelly - I am very conscious of who I am as an artist and as an inspirational person.
R. Kelly - I want people to notice my writing abilities are real and that I'm not just stuck in one situation.
R. Kelly - I'm in love with music, and I'm pregnant by it. It's like having twins. Or triplets. Or eight-lets!
R. Kelly - My music has shaken hands with the world somehow - it's a beautiful disease, and I'm glad I got it.
R. Kelly - Once I started singing, I didn't have to try to be cool. I was just one of the coolest guys around.
R. Kelly - I like to give people more than their money's worth.
R. Lee Ermey - The biggest problem was the politicians knew nothing about fighting a war.
R. Lee Ermey - The drill instructor must have total and complete control. Mindless obedience is what he's after.
R. Lee Ermey - There's a lot of whiners in every crowd.
R. Lee Ermey - In order to be a good actor, I'm a firm believer that you need to bring something to the table.
R. Lee Ermey - I'm never, like I say, I'm never happy, I'm never satisfied, it's never good enough.
R. Lee Ermey - I don't have to be concerned about everybody else's character.
R. Lee Ermey - The best part about the movie, and everybody seems to rave about it, is the boot camp part.
R. Lee Ermey - That's all I cared about too, was getting it right.
R. Lee Ermey - I was stationed at a marine recruit depot in San Diego from 1965 to 1967.
R. Lee Ermey - The bad news motivated the drill instructors that much more.
Rachel Kushner - I have crashed on a motorcycle that was going at 140mph, so I know what it feels like.
Rachel Kushner - The 1970s seemed particularly playful. People were trying to make work that couldn't be sold.
Rachel Kushner - The art world is filled with vibrancy.
Rachel Kushner - I'm a very interior person. I love silence. I revel in it. I'm happy that way.
Rachel Kushner - I begin a book with imagery, more than I do with an idea or a character. Some kind of poetic image.
Rachel Kushner - I know what it's like to go very fast on motorcycles. Those moments, they stay with you.
Rachel Kushner - I have enormous respect for people who are gifted mechanics.
Rachel Kushner - I know a little bit about motorcycles and motorcycle riding.
Rachel Kushner - Themes only arise after a novel is written, and people begin to try to talk about it.
Rachel Kushner - I grew up in Oregon, and then I lived in San Francisco and New York.
Rachel McAdams - Running through airports with pounds of luggage - that's a good workout.
Rachel McAdams - I have a certain curiosity for life that drives me and propels me forward.
Rachel McAdams - What I love is dropping into someone else's life and exploring it.
Rachel McAdams - I'm waiting for them to make 'Thundercats'. I would love to be Cheetara.
Rachel McAdams - You know when you find a great dress, you've gotta hold on to it.
Rachel McAdams - You have to be really open to your acting partners and believe in the story.
Rachel McAdams - I drink maple syrup. Then I'm hyper so I just run around like crazy and work it all off.
Rachel McAdams - I personally think you can have a really rich and full life with no abs. Abs are for wimps.
Rachel McAdams - I think there's something really powerful and refreshing about a woman who is unapologetic.
Rachel McAdams - It's always disappointing when your work is not received as you hope it would be.
Rachel Platten - I learned that I truly am a fighter and that I cannot give up.
Rachel Platten - It didn't scare me to be vulnerable because I think that's when you get something great.
Rachel Platten - Even if I'm making music for people for $20 a night, at least I'm making music.
Rachel Platten - I think my best friend is dry shampoo and dry texturizer spray.
Rachel Platten - I'm one of those people at the airport holding a pillow like a little kid.
Rachel Platten - I love Kelly Clarkson's message, and I've heard comparisons to P!nk.
Rachel Platten - The adventurer in me would love to visit Patagonia, Chile.
Rachel Platten - I had my first concert in front of 80,000 people at the International Soca Monarch Finals.
Rachel Platten - I used to visit London when I was younger with my family. I feel very close to the city.
Rachel Platten - I used to feel it was too late for me; I'd had my shot. You couldn't make a pop star out of me.
Rachel Zoe - I think what you wear really does need to reflect what your own personal style is.
Rachel Zoe - Hair is a huge part of who I am and what I obsess over - I've had long hair my entire life.
Rachel Zoe - I think that sexiness should be in the subtleties.
Rachel Zoe - I don't come from a family of slackers, but I do come from a family of doers.
Rachel Zoe - It's a constant challenge trying to find balance between styling, designing and being a mom.
Rachel Zoe - The worst thing you could ever get is people who think they know everything.
Rachel Zoe - I think people should look cute all the time.
Rachel Zoe - I'm someone that never likes to overpower the girls in hair and makeup.
Rachel Zoe - People tell you everything changes when you have a kid, but what nobody says is you don't mind.
Rachel Zoe - I love Fall Fashion Week because it means lots of layering, long sweaters and vintage coats.
Raf Simons - You cannot have adoration without being criticized.
Raf Simons - My dad only ever talked about two things: bicycles and Mercedes.
Raf Simons - For me, Warhol made so much sense.
Raf Simons - You can instantly spot a Chanel woman, so I want to develop the Dior woman.
Raf Simons - I like very much to put on fashion shows.
Raf Simons - The Chanel woman? I don't even need to see; I smell her from round the corner.
Raf Simons - In my opinion, Christian Dior was never, ever theatre.
Raf Simons - Fashion has a long interest in collaborative situations.
Raf Simons - I'm a designer, and for me, things are always evolving, and such evolution is necessary.
Raf Simons - I find it fascinating to see the fact that women want to buy things that they see on men.
Rafael dos Anjos - I am surrounded by great people.
Rafael dos Anjos - The future is out of my hands; it is in God's.
Rafael dos Anjos - I want to do that. That's my goal. I want to become a legend.
Rafael dos Anjos - I want people to remember me as a guy who works hard.
Rafael dos Anjos - My goal is to always be improving my skills.
Rafael dos Anjos - Press conferences aren't the best thing to do, but it's part of the job.
Rafael dos Anjos - Bro, how are you going to tap on the neck, on the choke? Go to sleep, man. Be a man.
Rafael dos Anjos - I do things right. No shortcuts.
Rafael dos Anjos - I'm going to show the difference between the champ and second place.
Rafael dos Anjos - I didn't get any crazy sponsors. I don't have any extra sponsors since I got the belt.
Rafael Nadal - I love the beach. I love the sea. All my life I live within - in front of the sea.
Rafael Nadal - I'd rather lose an argument than get into a long discussion in order to win it.
Rafael Nadal - It's not the time to look for excuses.
Rafael Nadal - If you don't lose, you cannot enjoy the victories. So I have to accept both things.
Rafael Nadal - In my humble opinion, change is stupid.
Rafael Nadal - I'm ambidextrous when I eat. But playing tennis right-handed - I can't do it. I'm clueless.
Rafael Nadal - New York is a special place; it's a city that I love.
Rafael Nadal - I like fishing. Not actual fishing - I like the peace and quiet of being at sea. It's different.
Rafael Nadal - Is only a tennis match. At the end, that's life. There is much more important things.
Rafael Nadal - I'm really, really emotional.
Rahm Emanuel - I wake up some mornings hating me too.
Rahm Emanuel - The American people... want change. They want big ideas, big reform.
Rahm Emanuel - We have work to do, and Tuesday Americans sent Washington a clear message - get the job done.
Rahm Emanuel - I believe the record I was allowed to help establish by the side of the president was important.
Rahm Emanuel - I sometimes joke, Paula, even paranoid people have enemies.
Rahm Emanuel - I've never been in a place where winning has hurt the ability to do anything.
Rahm Emanuel - Bob Rubin was opposed to signing the welfare bill. He's not exactly what I call a flaming liberal.
Rahm Emanuel - The fact is, Bush's war policy has failed. It's failed! Who better to say so than Jack Murtha?
Rahm Emanuel - When people told me 'It's great to be here', they meant at the house, not with me.
Rahm Emanuel - There's no safe Republican district. You can run, but you cannot hide.
Rainer Maria Rilke - The only journey is the one within.
Rainer Maria Rilke - And now we welcome the new year. Full of things that have never been.
Rainer Maria Rilke - More belongs to marriage than four legs in a bed.
Rainer Maria Rilke - Perhaps everything terrible is in its deepest being something helpless that wants help from us.
Rainer Maria Rilke - The purpose of life is to be defeated by greater and greater things.
Rainer Maria Rilke - The future enters into us, in order to transform itself in us, long before it happens.
Rainer Maria Rilke - Love consists in this, that two solitudes protect and touch and greet each other.
Rainer Maria Rilke - One had to take some action against fear when once it laid hold of one.
Rainer Maria Rilke - I want to be with those who know secret things or else alone.
Rainer Maria Rilke - No great art has ever been made without the artist having known danger.
Rakul Preet Singh - I always feel that I compete with myself.
Rakul Preet Singh - We are in a world where men and women are on the same platform.
Rakul Preet Singh - I love to play golf and watch movies in Tamil and Telugu whenever I get time.
Rakul Preet Singh - Girls shouldn't drink because their bodies are not made for drinking and smoking.
Rakul Preet Singh - I love to travel. This is the time for me. When will I do it if not now?
Rakul Preet Singh - Speaking in broken Telugu is one thing, and dubbing is another.
Rakul Preet Singh - I am blessed to have worked in big-budget films at an early stage of my career.
Rakul Preet Singh - Boyapati is one of the few directors who can pull off a masala film like 'Sarrainodu'.
Rakul Preet Singh - I understand only three things - films, fitness, and food.
Rakul Preet Singh - After becoming an actor, it's the privacy that I miss.
Ram Charan - I am so lazy and sometimes will go as late as 9 A.M. to shoot.
Ram Charan - Every father and son have conflicts.
Ram Charan - I'm compared to my dad all the time, and I've learned to take it positively by working hard.
Ram Charan - I don't run after successful directors. I give importance to the content of the film.
Ram Charan - Drama starts where logic ends.
Ram Charan - Life is one big love story with hundreds of little love stories within it.
Ram Charan - I want audiences to see me in different avatars.
Ram Charan - Nobody can be like Mr. Bachchan.
Ram Charan - Better a decent remake than a bad original, don't you think?
Ram Charan - It is no longer important for me to be seen in every frame.
Ram Dass - Your problem is you're... too busy holding onto your unworthiness.
Ram Dass - I can go all over the world with Skype.
Ram Dass - My guru said that when he suffers, it brings him closer to God. I have found this, too.
Ram Dass - Only that in you which is me can hear what I'm saying.
Ram Dass - If you think you're free, there's no escape possible.
Ram Dass - You can be still and still moving. Content even in your discontent.
Ram Dass - Each of us finds his unique vehicle for sharing with others his bit of wisdom.
Ram Dass - Inspiration is God making contact with itself.
Ram Dass - When you are already in Detroit, you don't have to take a bus to get there.
Ram Dass - Our plans never turn out as tasty as reality.
Ramakrishna - Through love one acquires renunciation and discrimination naturally.
Ramakrishna - If you want to go east, don't go west.
Ramakrishna - When the flower blooms, the bees come uninvited.
Ramakrishna - The fabled musk deer searches the world over for the source of the scent which comes from itself.
Ramakrishna - God is in all men, but all men are not in God; that is why we suffer.
Ramakrishna - Work, apart from devotion or love of God, is helpless and cannot stand alone.
Ramakrishna - It is easy to talk on religion, but difficult to practice it.
Ramakrishna - If you must be mad, be it not for the things of the world. Be mad with the love of God.
Ramakrishna - Many are the names of God and infinite the forms through which He may be approached.
Ramakrishna - Unless one always speaks the truth, one cannot find God Who is the soul of truth.
Ramana Maharshi - Let come what comes, let go what goes. See what remains.
Ramana Maharshi - No one succeeds without effort... Those who succeed owe their success to perseverance.
Ramana Maharshi - The body dies, but the spirit that transcends it cannot be touched by death.
Ramana Maharshi - Silence is also conversation.
Ramana Maharshi - Our own self-realization is the greatest service we can render the world.
Ramana Maharshi - Without understanding yourself, what is the use of trying to understand the world?
Ramana Maharshi - Consciousness is indeed always with us. Everyone knows 'I am!' No one can deny his own being.
Ramana Maharshi - I am not the perishable body, but the eternal Self.
Ramana Maharshi - The best way to meditate is through meditation itself.
Ramana Maharshi - All activities and events that a body is to go through are determined at the time of conception.
Ranbir Kapoor - I'm actually pretty shy in real life. But I guess in front of the camera, I focus.
Ranbir Kapoor - Happiness exists only if you have a lot of people to share it with.
Ranbir Kapoor - I am young enough to try my hands at all kinds of cinema.
Ranbir Kapoor - I want to reach the heights of stardom beyond my imagination.
Ranbir Kapoor - I have never been vain. I don't take myself seriously. I don't consider myself sexy or good-looking.
Ranbir Kapoor - 'Bombay Velvet' is my most romantic film, it's my 'Titanic' or 'Gone With The Wind.'
Ranbir Kapoor - I don't think you can force a moral opinion or you can force something through a Bollywood film.
Ranbir Kapoor - I myself am a great James Dean fan. He had this aura and enigma about him.
Ranbir Kapoor - I am arrogant enough to know that I am a good actor and people will like me for my work.
Ranbir Kapoor - I don't think I will go for an arranged marriage, but I am not against arranged marriages.
Rand Paul - Does the owner of the restaurant own his restaurant? Or does the government own his restaurant?
Rand Paul - America is a world leader, but we should not be its policeman or ATM.
Rand Paul - What America needs is not just another politician or more promises. What America needs is a revival.
Rand Paul - Do you hate poor people or do you just hate poor people with jobs?
Rand Paul - A Tea Party tidal wave is coming.
Rand Paul - I don't want to live in a nanny state where people are telling me where I can go and what I can do.
Rand Paul - I tell people I won't vote to go to war unless I'm ready to go or send my kids.
Rand Paul - Everybody is looking for an election where they can do something and participate.
Rand Paul - You shouldn't have one opinion when you're running and another when you're president.
Rand Paul - The main thing I say on war is that we need to obey the law and formally declare war.
Randy Pausch - Never, ever underestimate the importance of having fun.
Randy Pausch - We cannot change the cards we are dealt, just how we play the game.
Randy Pausch - An injured lion still wants to roar.
Randy Pausch - I always thought every day was a gift, but now I am looking for where to send the thank you note.
Randy Pausch - Experience is what you get when you didn't get what you wanted.
Randy Pausch - We have a finite amount of time. Whether short or long, it doesn't matter. Life is to be lived.
Randy Pausch - If I don't seem as depressed or morose as I should be, sorry to disappoint you.
Randy Pausch - I've never understood pity and self-pity as an emotion.
Randy Pausch - Wait long enough, and people will surprise and impress you.
Randy Pausch - It's hard to raise awareness of pancreatic cancer - people who get it don't live long enough.
Raquel Welch - You can't fake listening. It shows.
Raquel Welch - I couldn't stand that my husband was being unfaithful. I am Raquel Welch - understand?
Raquel Welch - There's a duality in every man and every woman.
Raquel Welch - Being a sex symbol was rather like being a convict.
Raquel Welch - When I first came along in the business, they didn't really like the idea of my name being Raquel.
Raquel Welch - In school, nobody could pronounce my name. They just called me Rocky.
Raquel Welch - I was a bigger-than-life persona before I was anyone in my own mind.
Raquel Welch - I'm not imperceptible to masculine charm, but, well, you know, I can flirt.
Raquel Welch - Myra Breckenridge is the antithesis of sex symbol. She's revolutionary; she's a warrior.
Raquel Welch - The mind can also be an erogenous zone.
Rashida Jones - Chemotherapy is brutal. The goal is pretty much to kill everything in your body without killing you.
Rashida Jones - I think every girl has that a guy she has trouble letting go of.
Rashida Jones - I know what it's like to have my heart broken. It is not adorable.
Rashida Jones - Well, dating has become a sport and not about finding the person you love.
Rashida Jones - People don't believe this, but Hollywood really is a meritocracy.
Rashida Jones - If I can surround myself with hilarious people every day, I will always want to go to work.
Rashida Jones - I am generally cast as the dependable, affable, loving, friend-wife-girlfriend.
Rashida Jones - I think part of being an adult is leaving the fairytale behind.
Rashida Jones - I have a lot of skepticism about marriage and monogamy.
Rashida Jones - People are not enjoying life because they're trying to be something or brand themselves.
Ratan Tata - The day I am not able to fly will be a sad day for me.
Ratan Tata - Power and wealth are not two of my main stakes.
Ratan Tata - I would say that one of the things I wish I could do differently would be to be more outgoing.
Ratan Tata - I think there are many honest businessmen.
Ratan Tata - Banana republics are run on cronyism.
Ratan Tata - People still believe what they read is necessarily the truth.
Ratan Tata - What are the crumple zones on scooters? The helmet is the only crumple zone I can think of.
Ratan Tata - Challenges need to be given to an organization.
Ratan Tata - I buy a lot of electronics, some which I never take out of the box!
Ratan Tata - I've often felt that the Indian tiger has not been unleashed.
Ray Comfort - When men don't fear God, they give themselves to evil.
Ray Comfort - I am surprised that anyone can profess to be an atheist.
Ray Comfort - It is embarrassingly unscientific to speak of anything creating itself from nothing.
Ray Comfort - Atheistic evolution isn't an intelligent belief, as atheists would have the black community believe.
Ray Comfort - Faith is as essential to the spiritual realm as oxygen is to the natural realm.
Ray Comfort - Believing that there is no God does not mean that there isn't one.
Ray Comfort - God doesn't believe in atheists.
Ray Comfort - Creation is absolute, 100 percent scientific proof that there was a Creator.
Ray Comfort - Science is a wonderful discipline, to which we are deeply indebted.
Ray Comfort - An atheist is someone who thinks (but doesn't believe) that nothing created everything.
Ray Dalio - He who lives by the crystal ball will eat shattered glass.
Ray Dalio - Nature is a machine. The family is a machine. The life cycle is like a machine.
Ray Dalio - There are two main drivers of asset class returns - inflation and growth.
Ray Dalio - Constantly probe the people who report to you, and encourage them to probe you.
Ray Dalio - Pull in your belt, spend less, and reduce debt.
Ray Dalio - I don't get caught up in the moment.
Ray Dalio - An economy is not a complicated thing; it just has a lot of moving parts.
Ray Dalio - The world is still in deleveraging.
Ray Dalio - Almost everything is like a machine.
Ray Dalio - The economy is like a machine.
Ray Kroc - The quality of a leader is reflected in the standards they set for themselves.
Ray Kroc - When you're green, your growing. When you're ripe, you rot.
Ray Kroc - If you're not a risk taker, you should get the hell out of business.
Ray Kroc - Creativity is a highfalutin word for the work I have to do between now and Tuesday.
Ray Kroc - We provide food that customers love, day after day after day. People just want more of it.
Ray Kroc - We take the hamburger business more seriously than anyone else.
Ray Kroc - Luck is a dividend of sweat. The more you sweat, the luckier you get.
Ray Kroc - You're only as good as the people you hire.
Ray Kroc - None of Us is as Good as All of Us.
Ray Kroc - All money means to me is a pride in accomplishment.
Ray Lewis - Life is about being a versatile athlete and training in all realms of life.
Ray Lewis - Whatever your path is, that's your path.
Ray Lewis - You have to be careful of people who like to talk a big game but can't back it up.
Ray Lewis - You got to be willing to walk in a storm. That's what I tell people all the time.
Ray Lewis - I don't train for football; I train more for a lifestyle.
Ray Lewis - I don't know a man on this Earth who can outwork me.
Ray Lewis - No matter the circumstances that you may be going through, just push through it.
Ray Lewis - Bottom line, your body is a temple, and you have to treat it that way. That's how God designed it.
Ray Lewis - I'm a prideful person when it comes to competition.
Ray Lewis - You have to be honest about who you are.
Ray Liotta - I didn't start acting until I was in college, which was in the 70's.
Ray Liotta - Not like Chinese food, where you eat it and then you feel hungry an hour later.
Ray Liotta - Suddenly playing the charming bad guy was my thing.
Ray Liotta - It would be nice to do a movie where I didn't have to choke the girl to get her.
Ray Liotta - As soon as I became proactive in producing my own stuff, I started getting other roles.
Ray Liotta - Well, for Blow I had to age from 20 to 60, starting out in shape and then later putting on fat pads.
Ray Liotta - I was on a soap opera before that for three years, where I was the nicest guy on earth.
Ray Liotta - I think people like watching edgy things.
Ray Liotta - You don't do anything thinking that it's going to stick.
Ray Liotta - So, you need to balance it out with bigger and smaller movies.
Raymond Chandler - She gave me a smile I could feel in my hip pocket.
Raymond Chandler - The flood of print has turned reading into a process of gulping rather than savoring.
Raymond Chandler - The streets were dark with something more than night.
Raymond Chandler - A good story cannot be devised; it has to be distilled.
Raymond Chandler - The more you reason the less you create.
Raymond Chandler - I do a great deal of research - particularly in the apartments of tall blondes.
Raymond Chandler - I guess God made Boston on a wet Sunday.
Raymond Chandler - He looked about as inconspicuous as a tarantula on a slice of angel food.
Raymond Chandler - Chess is as elaborate a waste of human intelligence as you can find outside an advertising agency.
Raymond Chandler - I certainly admire people who do things.
Reba McEntire - To succeed in life, you need three things: a wishbone, a backbone and a funny bone.
Reba McEntire - I have a lot to be thankful for. I am healthy, happy and I am loved.
Reba McEntire - I just try not to judge. Don't judge me, and I won't judge you.
Reba McEntire - Be different, stand out, and work your butt off.
Reba McEntire - All the money in the world can't buy you back good health.
Reba McEntire - I don't think quantity time is as special as quality time with your family.
Reba McEntire - Being a strong woman is very important to me. But doing it all on my own is not.
Reba McEntire - Besides, I'm a gypsy at heart and I like to travel around.
Reba McEntire - I think it's a wonderful time for a woman.
Reba McEntire - I have learned a lot about myself and come to deal with a lot of things that, at first, bothered me.
Rebecca Hall - I've always had horrible Valentine's Days.
Rebecca Hall - I always look for contradiction in a character.
Rebecca Hall - I'm not consciously avoiding doing a lot of period drama, but I don't really seek it out either.
Rebecca Hall - It's so rare that I get to do something in my own accent in my own hometown.
Rebecca Hall - Lentil dhal is the only thing I can cook.
Rebecca Hall - If you act scared, your body produces adrenaline.
Rebecca Hall - I don't like talking about myself, if I'm honest.
Rebecca Hall - I was a really pretentious teenager.
Rebecca Hall - I've played an awful lot of repressed people.
Rebecca Hall - It's one thing to think about something, but it's another thing to actually feel it.
Rebecca MacKinnon - Shibuya is a trendy part of Tokyo where young people come to meet and have a good time.
Rebecca MacKinnon - There is respect for law, and then there is complicity in lawlessness.
Rebecca MacKinnon - Increasingly, people have very little tolerance for anything that smacks of propaganda.
Rebecca MacKinnon - There has been a rising tide of criticism about China's treatment of foreign companies.
Rebecca MacKinnon - Whether or not Americans supported George W. Bush, they could not avoid learning about Abu Ghraib.
Rebecca MacKinnon - The Internet is an empowering force for people who are protesting against the abuse of power.
Rebecca MacKinnon - The relationship between citizens and government is increasingly mediated through the Internet.
Rebecca MacKinnon - Every news organization needs a social media strategy.
Rebecca MacKinnon - Taiwan politics certainly is colorful.
Rebecca MacKinnon - Governance is a way of organizing, amplifying, and constraining power.
Rebel Wilson - Even when I'm playing someone named 'Fat Amy.' I'm all about confidence and attitude.
Rebel Wilson - There are so many glamorous actresses, but you know what? In the real world, nobody looks like that.
Rebel Wilson - When you're a kid, you don't want to be teased.
Rebel Wilson - Work hard to achieve integrity in your work and your relationships with the people you work with.
Rebel Wilson - I like to have the stamina to work 16 hours a day. I may eat a lot, but I am very healthy.
Rebel Wilson - I think Russell Crowe is a brilliant actor.
Rebel Wilson - I like to take things one step at a time, because the entertainment industry is very uncertain.
Rebel Wilson - I love it when the director says, 'Rebel, just do whatever you want.' I'm, like, 'Yes!'
Rebel Wilson - I do acting for the awards... and cash money.
Rebel Wilson - I love talking in an American accent. Even though it hurts my face after a few hours.
Recep Tayyip Erdogan - Several experts on the Middle East concur that the Middle East cannot be democratized.
Recep Tayyip Erdogan - I take the debate on the method of promoting democracy seriously.
Recep Tayyip Erdogan - However, democracy cannot be defined as the existence of parliaments and elections alone.
Recep Tayyip Erdogan - I am a person who is inclined to define relations between individuals based on principles.
Recep Tayyip Erdogan - Democracy is like a streetcar. When you come to your stop, you get off.
Recep Tayyip Erdogan - Whatever our Lord says, whatever our beloved Prophet says, we shall follow that path.
Recep Tayyip Erdogan - Family planning, birth control, no Muslim family can practice such an understanding.
Recep Tayyip Erdogan - Nazism is still widespread in the West.
Recep Tayyip Erdogan - Jerusalem is holy to three religions. You have to respect that.
Recep Tayyip Erdogan - Every country needs a strong leader in order to progress.
Red Skelton - All men make mistakes, but married men find out about them sooner.
Red Skelton - Any kid will run any errand for you, if you ask at bedtime.
Red Skelton - Exercise? I get it on the golf course. When I see my friends collapse, I run for the paramedics.
Red Skelton - I personally believe we were put here to build and not to destroy.
Red Skelton - No matter what your heartache may be, laughing helps you forget it for a few seconds.
Red Skelton - I'm nuts and I know it. But so long as I make 'em laugh, they ain't going to lock me up.
Red Skelton - His death was the first time that Ed Wynn ever made anyone sad.
Red Skelton - I left home because I was hungry.
Red Skelton - Congress: Bingo with billions.
Red Skelton - God's children and their happiness are my reasons for being.
Reed Hastings - Broadcast TV is like the landline of 20 years ago.
Reed Hastings - I think there will be 20 years of evolution from linear broadcast to internet television.
Reed Hastings - In 20 years from now we will all be able to click and watch TV.
Reed Hastings - I hate the photo shoots. I hate all that stuff.
Reed Hastings - In hindsight, I slid into arrogance based upon past success.
Reed Hastings - I've worked very hard, but my life's always been fun.
Reed Hastings - On the Internet you get continuous innovation, so every year the streams are a little better.
Reed Hastings - Stone Age. Bronze Age. Iron Age. We define entire epics of humanity by the technology they use.
Reed Hastings - There's a finite market for DVD-by-mail, and the growth over the next 10 years will be in streaming.
Reed Hastings - Great leaders, like Steve Jobs or Jeff Bezos, also focused on the long term.
Reese Witherspoon - Everybody needs love. Everyone deserves it.
Reese Witherspoon - Confidence is everything in this business.
Reese Witherspoon - I get crazy in a bookstore. It makes my heart beat hard because I want to buy everything.
Reese Witherspoon - I started working on trying to sound like June from the very beginning.
Reese Witherspoon - It really bothers me when people don't use coasters. Particularly on my table.
Reese Witherspoon - When a police officer tells you to stay in the car, you stay in the car.
Reese Witherspoon - I don't know what I would have done so many times in my life if I hadn't had my girlfriends.
Reese Witherspoon - Lord knows, every day is not a success, every year is not a success. You have to celebrate the good.
Reese Witherspoon - I literally think I look bad in every picture.
Reese Witherspoon - There's no bad consequence to loving fully, with all your heart. You always gain by giving love.
Reggie Jackson - Fans don't boo nobodies.
Reggie Jackson - I am the best in baseball.
Reggie Jackson - I didn't come to New York to be a star, I brought my star with me.
Reggie Jackson - I don't mind getting beaten, but I hate to lose.
Reggie Jackson - The only difference between me and those other great Yankees is my skin color.
Reggie Jackson - Hitting is better than sex.
Reggie Jackson - I was reminded that when we lose and I strike out, a billion people in China don't care.
Reggie Jackson - Babe Ruth was great. I'm just lucky.
Reggie Jackson - If I played in New York, they'd name a candy bar after me.
Reggie Jackson - I represent both the underdog and the overdog in our society.
Regina Brett - No one really has a bad life. Not even a bad day. Just bad moments.
Regina Brett - Be eccentric now. Don't wait for old age to wear purple.
Regina Brett - When it comes to chocolate, resistance is futile.
Regina Brett - Most of life is showing up. You do the best you can, which varies from day to day.
Regina Brett - Everything can change in the blink of an eye. But don't worry; God never blinks.
Regina Brett - There are few places you can find silence. Air travel could be the last fortress of solitude.
Regina Brett - If a relationship has to be a secret, you shouldn't be in it.
Regina Brett - What other people think of you is none of your business.
Regina Brett - No matter how you feel, get up, dress up and show up.
Regina Brett - It's easier to forgive those who hurt you than those who hurt the people you love.
Reinhold Niebuhr - The mastery of nature is vainly believed to be an adequate substitute for self mastery.
Reinhold Niebuhr - Forgiveness is the final form of love.
Reinhold Niebuhr - Nothing we do, however virtuous, can be accomplished alone; therefore we are saved by love.
Reinhold Niebuhr - Nothing that is worth doing can be achieved in a lifetime; therefore we must be saved by hope.
Reinhold Niebuhr - Evil is not to be traced back to the individual but to the collective behavior of humanity.
Reinhold Niebuhr - The sad duty of politics is to establish justice in a sinful world.
Reinhold Niebuhr - If we survive danger it steels our courage more than anything else.
Reinhold Niebuhr - Our age knows nothing but reaction, and leaps from one extreme to another.
Reinhold Niebuhr - Goodness, armed with power, is corrupted; and pure love without power is destroyed.
Reinhold Niebuhr - Democracy is finding proximate solutions to insoluble problems.
Rem Koolhaas - The areas of consensus shift unbelievably fast; the bubbles of certainty are constantly exploding.
Rem Koolhaas - We live in an almost perfect stillness and work with incredible urgency.
Rem Koolhaas - The luxury of our position now is that we can almost assemble any team to address any issue.
Rem Koolhaas - If you have this reputation you can sit back and endure it, or you can try to do things with it.
Rem Koolhaas - It is not possible to live in this age if you don't have a sense of many contradictory forces.
Rem Koolhaas - Infrastructure is much more important than architecture.
Rem Koolhaas - The acceptance of certain realities doesn't preclude idealism. It can lead to certain breakthroughs.
Rem Koolhaas - Our office acts like a kind of educational establishment and we are very careful who we educate.
Rem Koolhaas - Not many architects have the luxury to reject significant things.
Rem Koolhaas - There's nothing Dutch about my architecture.
Rene Descartes - The greatest minds are capable of the greatest vices as well as of the greatest virtues.
Rene Descartes - I think; therefore I am.
Rene Descartes - Divide each difficulty into as many parts as is feasible and necessary to resolve it.
Rene Descartes - It is not enough to have a good mind; the main thing is to use it well.
Rene Descartes - Illusory joy is often worth more than genuine sorrow.
Rene Descartes - A state is better governed which has few laws, and those laws strictly observed.
Rene Descartes - Except our own thoughts, there is nothing absolutely in our power.
Rene Descartes - Travelling is almost like talking with those of other centuries.
Rene Descartes - Perfect numbers like perfect men are very rare.
Rene Descartes - Whenever anyone has offended me, I try to raise my soul so high that the offense cannot reach it.
Rene Redzepi - People will travel anywhere for good food - it's crazy.
Rene Redzepi - I would love to eat a really great burger, but it doesn't exist in our part of the world.
Rene Redzepi - Fine dining is an occasional treat for most people.
Rene Redzepi - My last meal on Earth, I would love it to be a bowl of blueberries with cold cream.
Rene Redzepi - There is no conflict between a better meal and a better world.
Rene Redzepi - I only have the restaurant. If I do other things, it's only to do with the restaurant.
Rene Redzepi - When you start at catering college, nobody prepares you for a book tour or public speaking.
Rene Redzepi - I can't crack jokes because I don't have any.
Rene Redzepi - The restaurant industry is brutal.
Rene Redzepi - I never cooked at home - my father was the chef.
Renee Fleming - Opera is really fun.
Renee Fleming - Having to travel so much plays havoc with your personal life.
Renee Fleming - Very few opera singers in history have been able to cross into popular music.
Renee Fleming - I don't like to sing loud.
Renee Fleming - For years, I had no time for exploratory travel.
Renee Fleming - Every singer eventually gets around to a Christmas disc.
Renee Fleming - My worry is that opera will become an historic art form as opposed to a living, breathing thing.
Renee Fleming - I don't want to record anything unless it can be great and genuinely interesting.
Renee Fleming - I think singing it when it's done well is extremely natural. It feels great.
Renee Fleming - I think singing is one of the most natural things that human beings do, but it's difficult.
Rex Tillerson - None of us live in a zero-risk world.
Rex Tillerson - You can be afraid of a lot of things that you don't understand.
Rex Tillerson - There are a thousand ways you can be told 'no' in this country.
Rex Tillerson - Compromise on ethical conduct is not an option.
Rex Tillerson - I never saw a bureaucracy produce a single barrel of oil.
Rex Tillerson - We have spent our entire existence adapting.
Rex Tillerson - My philosophy is to make money.
Rex Tillerson - The Boy Scouts, of course, had an influence on me because I learned about service in the community.
Rex Tillerson - We don't discount that people's fears are their fears.
Rex Tillerson - We go out, we explore, we take risk. And our successes have to pay for all that.
Rey Mysterio - I'm enjoying life at my fullest. Sometimes you realize that money isn't everything.
Rey Mysterio - My favorite place to read is next to the pond in my backyard.
Rey Mysterio - As you get older, your body doesn't hold up as much.
Rey Mysterio - Soccer runs in my blood.
Rey Mysterio - I don't regret any steps that I take in life.
Rey Mysterio - I've never had any prima donna attitude against me. It's always been very respectful.
Rey Mysterio - My uncle was a second father to me. I spent most of my childhood with him.
Rey Mysterio - That whole 'Giant Killer' era was actually kind of fun for me. That is what elevated my name in WCW.
Rey Mysterio - It's all about the style and what you can bring to the table - how exciting you can be.
Rey Mysterio - When you talk about Mexican culture, it's wrestling and soccer.
Rhys Ifans - Shyness is invariably a suppression of something. It's almost a fear of what you're capable of.
Rhys Ifans - I am essentially very shy. Which, I guess, is why I'm very good at not being shy.
Rhys Ifans - My personal life is invented for me, so why bother?
Rhys Ifans - I am an artisan. I only became an artist when people watch what I do. That is when it becomes art.
Rhys Ifans - A pub can be a magical place.
Rhys Ifans - My work is my way of expressing myself without being arrested.
Rhys Ifans - In Wales, singing and storytelling are party skills, not professions.
Rhys Ifans - I freely admit that I am a bit of a misfit.
Rhys Ifans - When I was taught Shakespeare in school, it was such an alien, sanitized puzzle, it made no sense.
Rhys Ifans - We're in an age of enlightenment, and we have a choice as a society which path to take.
Richard Bach - The best way to pay for a lovely moment is to enjoy it.
Richard Bach - If you love someone, set them free. If they come back they're yours; if they don't they never were.
Richard Bach - True love stories never have endings.
Richard Bach - What the caterpillar calls the end of the world the master calls a butterfly.
Richard Bach - Your conscience is the measure of the honesty of your selfishness. Listen to it carefully.
Richard Bach - Strong beliefs win strong men, and then make them stronger.
Richard Bach - A professional writer is an amateur who didn't quit.
Richard Bach - I gave my life to become the person I am right now. Was it worth it?
Richard Bach - In order to live free and happily you must sacrifice boredom. It is not always an easy sacrifice.
Richard Bach - To fly as fast as thought, you must begin by knowing that you have already arrived.
Richard Brinsley Sheridan - Won't you come into the garden? I would like my roses to see you.
Richard Brinsley Sheridan - Be just before you are generous.
Richard Brinsley Sheridan - Fertilizer does no good in a heap, but a little spread around works miracles all over.
Richard Brinsley Sheridan - There is not a passion so strongly rooted in the human heart as envy.
Richard Brinsley Sheridan - You know it is not my interest to pay the principal, or my principal to pay the interest.
Richard Brinsley Sheridan - The surest way to fail is not to determine to succeed.
Richard Brinsley Sheridan - Those that vow the most are the least sincere.
Richard Brinsley Sheridan - He is indebted to his memory for his jests and to his imagination for his facts.
Richard Brinsley Sheridan - You write with ease to show your breeding, but easy writing's curst hard reading.
Richard Brinsley Sheridan - A bumper of good liquor will end a contest quicker than justice, judge, or vicar.
Richard Burton - An actor is something less than a man, while an actress is something more than a woman.
Richard Burton - This diamond has so many carats it's almost a turnip.
Richard Burton - The more I study religions the more I am convinced that man never worshipped anything but himself.
Richard Burton - You may be as vicious about me as you please. You will only do me justice.
Richard Burton - They lard their lean books with the fat of others work.
Richard Burton - The Welsh are all actors. It's only the bad ones who become professional.
Richard Burton - A man that hoards up riches and enjoys them not, is like an ass that carries gold and eats thistles.
Richard Burton - I hate myself and my face in particular.
Richard Burton - I abhor mere prettiness.
Richard Burton - Anyone can play Henry VIII. I mean, even Robert Shaw... has played it.
Richard E. Grant - Proving yourself in a field where the casualty rate is so notoriously high is an ongoing challenge.
Richard E. Grant - Never give up. You only get one life. Go for it!
Richard E. Grant - Always have an answer - even if you change your mind five minutes later.
Richard E. Grant - I would still like to go to the moon before I die.
Richard E. Grant - Unless you are an enormous name, you never stop auditioning.
Richard E. Grant - I'm a hoarder.
Richard E. Grant - I like fixing things.
Richard E. Grant - I don't think it's the case that 'posh actors' get more work than others.
Richard E. Grant - Actors always think that others are getting more work than them. In my case, they usually are.
Richard E. Grant - I would love to play your common, everyday guy, but I never get cast as that.
Richard Engel - Every child is taught if you try to please everyone, you end up upsetting everyone.
Richard Engel - 9/11 was a terrible, horrific, tragic day.
Richard Engel - The Sahara is Africa's great divide.
Richard Engel - Persia is 7,000 years old and will fight to survive.
Richard Engel - For many foreign fighters, the jihad in Iraq and Syria is a commuter war.
Richard Engel - Every war has its demons.
Richard Engel - Fences and walls can be effective and even soothing, at least for those who build them.
Richard Engel - I have seen heroics - soldiers saving other soldiers' lives - and horrors.
Richard Engel - A lot of Iran's empowerment is a result of the war in Iraq.
Richard Engel - I'm basically a pacifist.
Richard J. Daley - The policeman isn't there to create disorder; the policeman is there to preserve disorder.
Richard J. Daley - Good government is good politics.
Richard J. Daley - The strength of the Democratic Party of Cook County is not something that just happened.
Richard J. Daley - The police are not here to create disorder, they're here to preserve disorder.
Richard J. Daley - Power is dangerous unless you have humility.
Richard J. Daley - Don't worry if they're Democrats or Republicans. Give them service and they'll become Democrats.
Richard J. Daley - No poll can equal the day-to-day visits of the men and women of the Democratic Party.
Richard J. Daley - They have vilified me, they have crucified me; yes, they have even criticized me.
Richard J. Daley - We shall reach greater and greater platitudes of achievment.
Richard J. Daley - We are proud to have with us the poet lariat of Chicago.
Richard M. Nixon - If you take no risks, you will suffer no defeats. But if you take no risks, you win no victories.
Richard M. Nixon - The finest steel has to go through the hottest fire.
Richard M. Nixon - It is necessary for me to establish a winner image. Therefore, I have to beat somebody.
Richard M. Nixon - Finishing second in the Olympics gets you silver. Finishing second in politics gets you oblivion.
Richard M. Nixon - The greatest honor history can bestow is that of peacemaker.
Richard M. Nixon - Voters quickly forget what a man says.
Richard M. Nixon - When the President does it, that means that it's not illegal.
Richard M. Nixon - Well, I screwed it up real good, didn't I?
Richard M. Nixon - People react to fear, not love; they don't teach that in Sunday School, but it's true.
Richard M. Nixon - I can take it. The tougher it gets, the cooler I get.
Richard Pryor - There's a thin line between to laugh with and to laugh at.
Richard Pryor - I became a performer because it was what I enjoyed doing.
Richard Pryor - What I am for is justice for everyone, just like it says in the Constitution.
Richard Pryor - Booty is just a ghetto expression, and I'm just a booty star.
Richard Pryor - I ain't no movie star, man. I'm a booty star.
Richard Pryor - I know that if I wasn't scared, something's wrong, because the thrill is what's scary.
Richard Pryor - I was a loner and never hung out with anyone. I never had any friends.
Richard Pryor - There's a lot more hypocrisy than before. Racism has gone back underground.
Richard Pryor - Yes, I'm religious. God has shown me things, made certain ways clear to me.
Richard Pryor - I believe in divine forces and energies.
Richard Sherman - The past is what the past is.
Richard Sherman - You rest better coming off of a win.
Richard Sherman - You can know a person is a good person or a bad person by who they are, not by what they look like.
Richard Sherman - I talk a big game because I carry a big stick.
Richard Sherman - I think my game measures up pretty well to myself.
Richard Sherman - There's a lot of racism still alive and still active.
Richard Sherman - No matter who you are, no matter what you do, you'd like to witness history.
Richard Sherman - The goal has always been to stay in Seattle and continue to play for the Seahawks.
Richard Sherman - I don't believe in curses. I believe in God.
Richard Sherman - There's always been adversity, wherever I've gone.
Richard Simmons - Everyone in this world is somehow connected. So why not just be nice to everybody.
Richard Simmons - Count your blessings. You are one of a kind. There's no one in the world like you. You are amazing.
Richard Simmons - You are one of a kind and unique. Never forget that.
Richard Simmons - Work hard, take care of yourself, and you'll be just fine.
Richard Simmons - I've been going to shopping malls since I was on General Hospital.
Richard Simmons - One day I may be meeting you and hearing how you've changed your life by saying, 'Farewell to Fat'.
Richard Simmons - I don't have to teach anymore, I don't have to work anymore, God has been really good to me.
Richard Simmons - You shouldn't make fun of people who have issues.
Richard Simmons - I've never lived in the visual world. I live very much in an emotional-contact world.
Richard Simmons - I started my own class for people like me who can't find any place else to go.
Rick James - I'm too old to do crazy things anymore.
Rick James - You can't have rock and roll without drugs, you can't have rock and roll without sex.
Rick James - I was going to get drafted, but I didn't really want to go into the Army.
Rick James - I believe everything happens under God's plan anyway.
Rick James - I'm really not tailored for responsibility.
Rick James - I don't have aluminum foil on my windows anymore.
Rick James - I just live one day at a time.
Rick James - I'm finally locked into the now, and it's great.
Rick James - I had always been a free spirit and always gotten what I wanted.
Rick James - I'm a long way from Ike Turner.
Rick Perry - Dark economic clouds are dissipating into an emerging blue sky of opportunity.
Rick Perry - Texas created more jobs in 2008 than the rest of the states - combined.
Rick Perry - The fact is there is forgiveness for those who seek God. And I believe in the power of redemption.
Rick Perry - Democracy functions best when we have an active citizenry.
Rick Perry - Every life is precious.
Rick Perry - Guns require a finger to pull the trigger.
Rick Perry - I didn't say I was running, did I?
Rick Perry - We can't have deficit spending in Texas. You have to balance your budget every two years.
Rick Perry - Obama is a president, who I think is anti-jobs.
Rick Perry - Our shared conservative values, our belief in the individual is the great hope of our nation.
Rick Pitino - Excellence is the unlimited ability to improve the quality of what you have to offer.
Rick Pitino - Avoid cynical and negative people like the plague. They are killers of potential.
Rick Pitino - I'd learned how much happiness money can bring you. Very little.
Rick Pitino - If I had one regret in life... it's that I was not more humble at an earlier age.
Rick Pitino - Basketball has consumed me since the age of 7 or 8. I don't know what I would do without it.
Rick Pitino - Humility is what makes teams great. I've preached it for a long period of time.
Rick Pitino - I care what people think, but it doesn't change my opinion of how to do things.
Rick Pitino - After September 11, I don't think people really believe things like this are all that important.
Rick Pitino - He knew I enjoyed the relationships of college basketball. All along, he was the wise one.
Rick Pitino - The other guys just caught lightning in a bottle with a great game.
Rick Riordan - I do like to wrap things up and leave some things to the readers' imagination.
Rick Riordan - I've always found the second book in a series is the hardest to write.
Rick Riordan - The images from the book you make in your head are always going to be the best images.
Rick Riordan - I like to have a simple workplace.
Rick Riordan - I think kids will read more good books than we can possibly produce.
Rick Riordan - I think that kids have a greater capacity for processing things than we give them credit for.
Rick Riordan - I have more ideas than I'll ever be able to write in five lifetimes.
Rick Riordan - I'm a teacher still, but with a much larger classroom.
Rick Riordan - Kids are the audience I know best.
Rick Riordan - Turkey, Australia, and Japan are three of my top destinations.
Rick Scott - You want people to feel comfortable to walk in their neighborhoods, go out and shop, do business.
Rick Scott - My job is to get people back to work and make tough decisions. I've been willing to do it.
Rick Scott - In Florida, we're the best melting pot in the world. We love everybody coming to our state.
Rick Scott - Shipping by water is cheaper than by rail, which is cheaper than by truck.
Rick Scott - America's greatness is largely because of how we value the weakest among us.
Rick Scott - I think we ought to leave the law exactly the way it is, the 14th amendment.
Rick Scott - I'm not going to suggest to a delegate at what they ought to do.
Rick Scott - No U.S. citizen is being kicked off any voter rolls.
Rick Scott - The hospital industry to this day works its tail off to do the right thing.
Rick Scott - I believe that free-market principles will solve our healthcare problems.
Rick Warren - Humility is not thinking less of yourself, it's thinking of yourself less.
Rick Warren - The only way you can serve God is by serving other people.
Rick Warren - You were made by God and for God, and until you understand that, life will never make sense.
Rick Warren - If God only used perfect people, nothing would get done. God will use anybody if you're available.
Rick Warren - You never know God is all you need until God is all you have.
Rick Warren - I serve a higher power, Jesus Christ. I make no apologies in saying that.
Rick Warren - When life doesn't make sense, we can still have peace.
Rick Warren - My ultimate goal... is for you to live the life you're intended to live.
Rick Warren - Living in the light of eternity changes your priorities.
Rick Warren - So I would say God hates war, but God loves every soldier.
Rickey Henderson - Rickey don't like it when Rickey can't find Rickey's limo.
Rickey Henderson - Lou Brock was a great base stealer but today I am the greatest.
Rickey Henderson - I love the game and I wanted to continue playing. It came to a time that I had to stop.
Rickey Henderson - Once you can accept failure, you can have fun and success.
Rickey Henderson - I'm disappointed about how my career ended.
Rickey Henderson - If my uniform doesn't get dirty, I haven't done anything in the baseball game.
Rickey Henderson - I like playing for Oakland, they have a very colorful uniform.
Rickey Henderson - My impact on the game was going out there and making things happen.
Rickey Henderson - I don't think I ever got proper credit about being smart about the game.
Rickey Henderson - People say I stole a lot of bases. I stole the bases for a reason. I crossed the plate.
Ricky Williams - Nine in the box... that's a football term.
Ricky Williams - Well, I don't think I've necessarily ever been a passionate football player or a passionate person.
Ricky Williams - Tomorrow doesn't really exist.
Ricky Williams - There is no need to smear my name or to defame my character for the sake of news.
Ricky Williams - One thing I've learned about life is that if you really let go, it's just a joy ride.
Ricky Williams - The moment I started treating my social anxiety disorder, I started feeling better.
Ricky Williams - Sometimes success will get in the way of maturity - at least temporarily.
Ricky Williams - I think it's very easy for people to stereotype athletes, good and bad.
Ricky Williams - I'm a huge gamer, everything from PC to Xbox to PS2.
Ricky Williams - I don't believe in regret.
Ridley Scott - Life isn't black and white. It's a million gray areas, don't you find?
Ridley Scott - How can you look at the galaxy and not feel insignificant?
Ridley Scott - I'll reshoot a corridor 13 different ways, and you'll never recognise them.
Ridley Scott - I think, at the end of the day, filmmaking is a team, but eventually there's got to be a captain.
Ridley Scott - I started late. I didn't make my first movie until I was 40.
Ridley Scott - Conscience, the power of conscience, can unearth all kinds of things.
Ridley Scott - I want a certificate that allows me to make as big a box office as possible.
Ridley Scott - Good FBI officers are not noticeable. You would never look at them.
Ridley Scott - A hit for me is if I enjoy the movie, if I personally enjoy the movie.
Ridley Scott - I was always amazed about how much I could finally squeeze into a thirty second commercial.
Rihanna - I'm really looking forward to seeing what life brings to me.
Rihanna - If someone is right for you, you'll know it.
Rihanna - The bottom line is that everyone thinks differently.
Rihanna - Single life is so overrated.
Rihanna - My mother would kill me if I posed nude! My mother raised me with certain standards.
Rihanna - I am happy and I'm single.
Rihanna - I'm crazy and I don't pretend to be anything else.
Rihanna - God just has a way of working things out the way he wants to and you have no say in that.
Rihanna - If you don't live your life, then who will?
Rihanna - I drink a lot of coconut water. It balances out all the other toxic stuff I put into my body.
Ringo Starr - That's all drugs and alcohol do, they cut off your emotions in the end.
Ringo Starr - For me, God is in my life. I don't hide from that... I think the search has been on since the '60s.
Ringo Starr - Drumming is my middle name.
Ringo Starr - I get by with a little help from my friends.
Ringo Starr - So this is America. They must be out of their minds.
Ringo Starr - Well, I'm getting happier all the time, which is very nice.
Ringo Starr - America: It's like Britain, only with buttons.
Ringo Starr - The second side of Abbey Road is my favorite.
Ringo Starr - I'd like to end up sort of unforgettable.
Ringo Starr - Everything government touches turns to crap.
Rita Dove - There are times in life when, instead of complaining, you do something about your complaints.
Rita Dove - When we are touched by something it's as if we're being brushed by an angel's wings.
Rita Dove - Poetry is language at its most distilled and most powerful.
Rita Dove - Being true to yourself really means being true to all the complexities of the human spirit.
Rita Dove - My favorite poets may not be your bread and butter. I have more favorite poems than favorite poets.
Rita Dove - I think children have talent and insight, but it gets beaten out of them.
Rita Dove - The joy of working at something to find out what it means to me is what I grew up with.
Rita Dove - If we really want to be full and generous in spirit, we have no choice but to trust at some level.
Rita Dove - I'm a night person. My best times are midnight to six, actually.
Rita Dove - I've always been intrigued by the way history works, the way we decide what is mentioned.
Rita Mae Brown - You can't be truly rude until you understand good manners.
Rita Mae Brown - Morals are private. Decency is public.
Rita Mae Brown - Intuition is a suspension of logic due to impatience.
Rita Mae Brown - A deadline is negative inspiration. Still, it's better than no inspiration at all.
Rita Mae Brown - Good judgment comes from experience, and experience comes from bad judgment.
Rita Mae Brown - Life is too short to be miserable.
Rita Mae Brown - The reward for conformity is that everyone likes you but yourself.
Rita Mae Brown - The only queer people are those who don't love anybody.
Rita Mae Brown - If the world were a logical place, men would ride side saddle.
Rita Mae Brown - One of the keys to happiness is a bad memory.
Rita Ora - You always have to sacrifice something when you want to achieve something.
Rita Ora - It's a terrible feeling being lonely.
Rita Ora - I have always liked the contrast between being blonde and having dark features.
Rita Ora - Know yourself; keep your circle tight. Keep your friends and your work circle tight.
Rita Ora - Clothes are fun. The designers have so much fun making them, you should have fun wearing them, too.
Rita Ora - I end up doing selfies 'cause I am so sad.
Rita Ora - I've always been into looking different.
Rita Ora - I will always love red lips.
Rita Ora - I try to do one thing a day that makes me proud of myself.
Rita Ora - Every person has a signature. Just some people don't know it yet.
Rita Rudner - It's so great to find that one special person you want to annoy for the rest of your life.
Rita Rudner - When I eventually met Mr. Right I had no idea that his first name was Always.
Rita Rudner - I'm a very simple person. I'm very shallow. Shallow, simple, easily pleased: that's me.
Rita Rudner - I wonder if other dogs think poodles are members of a weird religious cult.
Rita Rudner - Before I met my husband, I'd never fallen in love. I'd stepped in it a few times.
Rita Rudner - I was a vegetarian until I started leaning toward the sunlight.
Rita Rudner - To attract men, I wear a perfume called 'New Car Interior.'
Rita Rudner - Neurotics build castles in the air, psychotics live in them. My mother cleans them.
Rita Rudner - I don't plan to grow old gracefully. I plan to have face-lifts until my ears meet.
Rita Rudner - My mother buried three husbands - and two of them were only napping.
Ritchie Blackmore - When something is not good, it's bad. Period.
Ritchie Blackmore - Simplicity is the key.
Ritchie Blackmore - Jimi... He was the gov'nor and that's it. He was brilliant, wasn't he?
Ritchie Blackmore - If you can play well in the studio, you can play well on stage.
Ritchie Blackmore - I can do the old hand vibrato just fine, but I like attacking the strings.
Ritchie Blackmore - Playing a Fender is an art itself. They're always going out of tune.
Ritchie Blackmore - Learning to play with a big amplifier is like trying to control an elephant.
Ritchie Blackmore - Pete Townshend used to crash chords and let the guitar feed back. He's overrated.
Ritchie Blackmore - I have never met one person who likes Grand Funk.
Ritchie Blackmore - I don't see myself as such an important guitarist.
Roald Dahl - A little nonsense now and then is relished by the wisest men.
Roald Dahl - A person is a fool to become a writer. His only compensation is absolute freedom.
Roald Dahl - Did they preach one thing and practice another, these men of God?
Roald Dahl - Nowadays you can go anywhere in the world in a few hours, and nothing is fabulous any more.
Roald Dahl - Though my father was Norwegian, he always wrote his diaries in perfect English.
Roald Dahl - To shipbrokers, coal was black gold.
Roald Dahl - If my books can help children become readers, then I feel I have accomplished something important.
Roald Dahl - 'Dexter' is a very well-oiled machine; it's just a great show and great to be part of.
Roald Dahl - The writer walks out of his workroom in a daze. He wants a drink. He needs it.
Roald Dahl - When I was 2, we moved into an imposing country mansion 8 miles west of Cardiff, Wales.
Rob Lowe - I have a lot of great memories, but I can't imagine anything more exciting than the life I have now.
Rob Lowe - Sampling, statisticians have told us, is a much more effective way of getting a good census.
Rob Lowe - I liked being a teenager, but I would not go back for all the tea in China.
Rob Lowe - I sadly never got to my prom. I was shooting 'The Outsiders.'
Rob Lowe - As an actor and a fledgling director, I'm used to making snap decisions that I'll have to live with.
Rob Lowe - I was a child of the '80s.
Rob Lowe - Oh my God, I love rehab! I highly recommend it.
Rob Lowe - I think part of maturity is knowing who you are.
Rob Lowe - I don't know what drives me.
Rob Lowe - Look, I owns guns.
Rob Portman - I'd like to think I'm a serious legislator and trying to get things done.
Rob Portman - What we need is fundamental tax reform.
Rob Portman - Folks, do you agree with me that we cannot afford four more years of Barack Obama?
Rob Portman - I told my staff that I'm so boring that I didn't even know I was boring.
Rob Portman - Do you agree with me that we can't afford four more years of Barack Obama?
Rob Portman - The tax code is now nine times longer than the Bible, and not nearly as interesting.
Rob Portman - If you start very far to the left, it's harder to get to the middle.
Rob Portman - We have a paralysis in Washington that's not serving our country. We have to address these issues.
Rob Portman - No one should discriminate.
Rob Portman - Ohioans need peace of mind that the water coming out of their tap is safe. It's as simple as that.
Rob Zombie - It's never been about making money.
Rob Zombie - I really just do what I like. I don't understand what the general public likes sometimes.
Rob Zombie - Great things come out of being hungry and cold. Once you're pampered, you get lazy.
Rob Zombie - I wanted it to be like a high quality, drive-in movie.
Rob Zombie - I think so much about everything. I'm obsessive.
Rob Zombie - Once you feel like you're being dictated by other people's expectations, it usually backfires.
Rob Zombie - Every time I start the next movie, it's as exciting as the first time.
Rob Zombie - To me, horror and comedy never work. Never worked for me, anyway.
Rob Zombie - My goal is to keep making films and grow as a film maker; that's always my goal.
Rob Zombie - I don't believe in fate, because I'm not spiritual, but things do seem to work out.
Robbie Williams - I'm quite obviously not the world's most handsome man - I'm the second world's most handsome man!
Robbie Williams - It's a huge responsibility being a solo act.
Robbie Williams - I like listening to good music - and I can't stop playing my album.
Robbie Williams - I can do anything I want to do really, I might as well.
Robbie Williams - I come from the tradition of a big Irish family that loves to sing. I love to perform.
Robbie Williams - Perhaps I'm absolutely bonkers and don't know it. Perhaps I'm psychotically mental.
Robbie Williams - I show off - I'm a very good show off. It's what I do, it's what I'm good at.
Robbie Williams - I'm a born entertainer. When I open the fridge door and the light goes on, I burst into song.
Robbie Williams - I am not as bad as people would suggest. Not as good as I would like to be.
Robbie Williams - You know, I am a mainstream person with mainstream tastes, and I want to hear the hits.
Robert Anton Wilson - We live in our fantasies and endure our realities.
Robert Anton Wilson - You are precisely as big as what you love and precisely as small as what you allow to annoy you.
Robert Anton Wilson - Beyond a certain point, the whole universe becomes a continuous process of initiation.
Robert Anton Wilson - I think I got off on the wrong planet. Beam me up Scotty, there's no rational life here.
Robert Anton Wilson - Of course I'm crazy, but that doesn't mean I'm wrong.
Robert Anton Wilson - Belief is the death of intelligence.
Robert Anton Wilson - Everyone look around and see if you can spot the NARCS. They're the ones who look like hippies.
Robert Anton Wilson - The longer one is alone, the easier it is to hear the song of the earth.
Robert Anton Wilson - Ego is a social fiction for which one person at a time gets all the blame.
Robert Anton Wilson - The Right's view of government and the Left's view of big business are both correct.
Robert Benchley - Drawing on my fine command of the English language, I said nothing.
Robert Benchley - I have tried to know absolutely nothing about a great many things, and I have succeeded fairly well.
Robert Benchley - We are constantly being surprised that people did things well before we were born.
Robert Benchley - A dog teaches a boy fidelity, perseverance, and to turn around three times before lying down.
Robert Benchley - I do most of my work sitting down; that's where I shine.
Robert Benchley - The surest way to make a monkey of a man is to quote him.
Robert Benchley - Tell us your phobias and we will tell you what you are afraid of.
Robert Benchley - Why don't you get out of that wet coat and into a dry martini?
Robert Benchley - In America there are two classes of travel - first class, and with children.
Robert Benchley - I know I'm drinking myself to a slow death, but then I'm in no hurry.
Robert Browning - Motherhood: All love begins and ends there.
Robert Browning - Ah, but a man's reach should exceed his grasp, Or what's a heaven for?
Robert Browning - Autumn wins you best by this its mute appeal to sympathy for its decay.
Robert Browning - Every one soon or late comes round by Rome.
Robert Browning - Ignorance is not innocence but sin.
Robert Browning - The aim, if reached or not, makes great the life: Try to be Shakespeare, leave the rest to fate!
Robert Browning - The sea heaves up, hangs loaded o'er the land, Breaks there, and buries its tumultuous strength.
Robert Browning - So, fall asleep love, loved by me... for I know love, I am loved by thee.
Robert Browning - Love is energy of life.
Robert Browning - Grow old with me! The best is yet to be.
Robert Burns - Dare to be honest and fear no labor.
Robert Burns - His locked, lettered, braw brass collar, Shewed him the gentleman and scholar.
Robert Burns - And there begins a lang digression about the lords o' the creation.
Robert Burns - The snowdrop and primrose our woodlands adorn, and violets bathe in the wet o' the morn.
Robert Burns - There is no such uncertainty as a sure thing.
Robert Burns - Man's inhumanity to man makes countless thousands mourn!
Robert Burns - The wide world is all before us - but a world without a friend.
Robert Burns - Suspicion is a heavy armor and with its weight it impedes more than it protects.
Robert Burns - Suspense is worse than disappointment.
Robert Burns - Let them cant about decorum, Who have characters to lose!
Robert Carlyle - I feel like I'm the luckiest man on the planet.
Robert Carlyle - I'd totally be attracted to a geek girl!
Robert Carlyle - Vancouver's a very child friendly city, there's... no doubt about that.
Robert Carlyle - I rant and rave about noise pollution.
Robert Carlyle - My first love is art, and I see a lot of things in an artistic way.
Robert Carlyle - Bullying is a terrible, terrible thing.
Robert Carlyle - Biologically, I'm lucky - an angular face and dark colouring which shows up well on camera.
Robert Carlyle - The darker the character, the more interesting.
Robert Carlyle - I just don't like the whole Hollywood thing.
Robert Carlyle - I hate the word 'hippy.'
Robert Collier - Success is the sum of small efforts - repeated day in and day out.
Robert Collier - Your chances of success in any undertaking can always be measured by your belief in yourself.
Robert Collier - You have to sow before you can reap. You have to give before you can get.
Robert Collier - If you don't make things happen then things will happen to you.
Robert Collier - The first essentials, of course, is to know what you want.
Robert Collier - Constant repetition carries conviction.
Robert Collier - Faith is the confidence, the assurance, the enforcing truth, the knowing.
Robert Collier - See things as you would have them be instead of as they are.
Robert Collier - Supply always comes on the heels of demand.
Robert Collier - All riches have their origin in mind. Wealth is in ideas - not money.
Robert Crumb - Everything that is strong in me has gone into my art work.
Robert Crumb - I guess I didn't enjoy drawing very much. It was like homework.
Robert Crumb - The only burning passion I'm sure I have, is the passion for sex.
Robert Crumb - When I come up against the real world, I just vacillate.
Robert Crumb - There's many heroic underappreciated investigative journalists.
Robert Crumb - The comics are where all the crazy subconscious stuff comes out.
Robert Crumb - The fine-art world knows very little about the cartoon world.
Robert Crumb - I have always had an abiding interest in that type of female anatomy.
Robert Crumb - Most of my adult life I had this towering contempt for America.
Robert Crumb - Violence begets violence, and then you get leaders who are violent men. And you don't want that.
Robert Dallek - The institution of the presidency was profoundly affected by Watergate.
Robert Dallek - If Roosevelt didn't have World War II, he never would have had a third term.
Robert Dallek - Congress becomes the public voice of opposition.
Robert Dallek - There are limits on what a president can achieve or do, but the expectations are so great.
Robert Dallek - If nobody trusts you as president, then you can't get anything done.
Robert Dallek - American politics is theatre. There is a frightening emotionalism at national conventions.
Robert Dallek - With television, you can make anyone look larger than life.
Robert Dallek - Eisenhower was quite supportive of Kennedy and Johnson in terms of foreign policy.
Robert Dallek - How many State of the Union addresses do people remember? They don't resonate that way.
Robert Dallek - Unity is Obama's theme.
Robert De Niro - The hardest thing about being famous is that people are always nice to you.
Robert De Niro - Time goes on. So whatever you're going to do, do it. Do it now. Don't wait.
Robert De Niro - If it's the right chair, it doesn't take too long to get comfortable in it.
Robert De Niro - You draw on whatever's relevant to the part you're playing; it makes it more personal.
Robert De Niro - You'll have time to rest when you're dead.
Robert De Niro - There is a certain combination of anarchy and discipline in the way I work.
Robert De Niro - There's nothing more ironic or contradictory than life itself.
Robert De Niro - I don't like to watch my own movies - I fall asleep in my own movies.
Robert De Niro - The talent is in the choices.
Robert De Niro - It's important not to indicate. People don't try to show their feelings, they try to hide them.
Robert Delaunay - Light in Nature creates the movement of colors.
Robert Delaunay - Art in Nature is rhythmic and has a horror of constraint.
Robert Delaunay - Painting is by nature a luminous language.
Robert Delaunay - Vision is the true creative rhythm.
Robert Delaunay - This synchronous action then will be the Subject, which is the representative harmony.
Robert Delaunay - The auditory perception is not sufficient for our knowledge of the world; it does not have vastness.
Robert Delaunay - Simultaneity in light is harmony, the rhythm of colors which creates the Vision of Man.
Robert Delaunay - Seeing is in itself a movement.
Robert Delaunay - Our understanding is correlative to our perception.
Robert Delaunay - Nature engenders the science of painting.
Robert Downey, Jr. - The lesson is that you can still make mistakes and be forgiven.
Robert Downey, Jr. - I think that we all do heroic things, but hero is not a noun, it's a verb.
Robert Downey, Jr. - I want to give myself the freedom not to have to be projecting my whole life ahead.
Robert Downey, Jr. - I'm in a happy relationship, me and my ex are on really good terms, my kid and I are in a good spot.
Robert Downey, Jr. - Life is just so painful and messy and hard and worth it and all that stuff.
Robert Downey, Jr. - I'm not particularly tall, strong, fast, or aggressive.
Robert Downey, Jr. - 'Shaggy Dog' was a very, very important movie for me. It was a very enjoyable experience.
Robert Downey, Jr. - I guess the issue for me is to keep things dynamic.
Robert Downey, Jr. - I think you end up doing the stuff you were supposed to do at the time you were supposed to do it.
Robert Downey, Jr. - I've noticed that worrying is like praying for what you don't want to happen.
Robert Duvall - To this day, I still think Lonesome Dove is my best part.
Robert Duvall - We either accept weaknesses in good people or we have to tear pages out of the Bible.
Robert Duvall - I love the smell of juice boxes in the morning.
Robert Duvall - You have a little bit of feeling for everyone you play.
Robert Duvall - There was nothing wrong with shouting at God.
Robert Duvall - It's no big thing, but you make big things out of little things sometimes.
Robert Duvall - One thing I like about Argentina, they only cook with salt; that's it.
Robert Duvall - Being a star is an agent's dream, not an actor's.
Robert Duvall - You just can't take a crash course to be a tango dancer in a movie.
Robert Duvall - I like to do things that I develop from the ground up.
Robert E. Lee - Obedience to lawful authority is the foundation of manly character.
Robert E. Lee - Never do a wrong thing to make a friend or to keep one.
Robert E. Lee - It is good that war is so horrible, or we might grow to like it.
Robert E. Lee - We failed, but in the good providence of God apparent failure often proves a blessing.
Robert E. Lee - The education of a man is never completed until he dies.
Robert E. Lee - I like whiskey. I always did, and that is why I never drink it.
Robert E. Lee - You must study to be frank with the world: Frankness is the child of honesty and courage.
Robert E. Lee - What a cruel thing war is... to fill our hearts with hatred instead of love for our neighbors.
Robert E. Lee - My chief concern is to try to be an humble, earnest Christian.
Robert E. Lee - The devil's name is dullness.
Robert Fulghum - Don't worry that children never listen to you; worry that they are always watching you.
Robert Fulghum - The solution to alone-ness is not more solitude, but companionship and community.
Robert Fulghum - All I really need to know... I learned in kindergarten.
Robert Fulghum - Sticks and stones will break our bones, but words will break our hearts.
Robert Fulghum - The examined life is no picnic.
Robert Fulghum - Play fair. Don't hit people. Say you're sorry when you hurt somebody.
Robert Fulghum - I've always thought anyone can make money. Making a life worth living, that's the real test.
Robert Fulghum - Clean up your own mess.
Robert Fulghum - Share everything. Don't take things that aren't yours. Put things back where you found them.
Robert Fulghum - To be human is to keep rattling the bars of the cage of existence, hollering, 'What's it for?'
Robert Gottlieb - At a certain point, you have to face the fact that you've turned into an old fart.
Robert Gottlieb - Like all editors, I assume, I'm a reactor.
Robert Gottlieb - Increasingly, editing means going to lunch. It means editing with a credit card, not with a pencil.
Robert Gottlieb - The first movement ballerina should be a paradigm of strength and authority.
Robert Gottlieb - Most famous stage actors tactfully fade away.
Robert Gottlieb - Blood is the leitmotif of 'Black Swan.'
Robert Gottlieb - The Iron Curtain may be a thing of the past, but Mother Russia is as mysterious as ever.
Robert Gottlieb - When you can't follow a ballet's action, you can always read the program notes.
Robert Gottlieb - How the English love playing at being naughty boys!
Robert Gottlieb - When December comes, can 'The Nutcracker' be far behind? No, it can't - not in America, anyway.
Robert Green Ingersoll - In the presence of eternity, the mountains are as transient as the clouds.
Robert Green Ingersoll - The greatest test of courage on earth is to bear defeat without losing heart.
Robert Green Ingersoll - Hope is the only bee that makes honey without flowers.
Robert Green Ingersoll - Kindness is the sunshine in which virtue grows.
Robert Green Ingersoll - Anger is a wind which blows out the lamp of the mind.
Robert Green Ingersoll - In nature there are neither rewards nor punishments; there are consequences.
Robert Green Ingersoll - Tolerance is giving to every other human being every right that you claim for yourself.
Robert Green Ingersoll - Freedom believes in education - the salvation of slavery is ignorance.
Robert Green Ingersoll - I am the inferior of any man whose rights I trample under foot.
Robert Green Ingersoll - I would rather live and love where death is king than have eternal life where love is not.
Robert H. Schuller - Problems are not stop signs, they are guidelines.
Robert H. Schuller - Tough times never last, but tough people do.
Robert H. Schuller - Let your hopes, not your hurts, shape your future.
Robert H. Schuller - I'd rather attempt to do something great and fail than to attempt to do nothing and succeed.
Robert H. Schuller - Anyone can count the seeds in an apple, but only God can count the number of apples in a seed.
Robert H. Schuller - Never underestimate your problem or your ability to deal with it.
Robert H. Schuller - What great thing would you attempt if you knew you could not fail?
Robert H. Schuller - When you can't solve the problem, manage it.
Robert H. Schuller - Goals are not only absolutely necessary to motivate us. They are essential to really keep us alive.
Robert H. Schuller - Failure doesn't mean you are a failure it just means you haven't succeeded yet.
Robert Kiyosaki - Confidence comes from discipline and training.
Robert Kiyosaki - Inside of every problem lies an opportunity.
Robert Kiyosaki - Financial freedom is available to those who learn about it and work for it.
Robert Kiyosaki - Education is what you learn after you leave school.
Robert Kiyosaki - Face your fears and doubts, and new worlds will open to you.
Robert Kiyosaki - French fries kill more people than guns and sharks, yet nobody's afraid of French fries.
Robert Kiyosaki - I believe that one key to success is to accept truth, no matter how it's spoken.
Robert Kiyosaki - I would say raising capital is one of the weakest things for most entrepreneurs.
Robert Kiyosaki - You have to look for teachers. If you want to be a mechanic, go hang out with mechanics.
Robert Kiyosaki - History reminds us that dictators and despots arise during times of severe economic crisis.
Robert Louis Stevenson - Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant.
Robert Louis Stevenson - Absences are a good influence in love and keep it bright and delicate.
Robert Louis Stevenson - Wine is bottled poetry.
Robert Louis Stevenson - A friend is a gift you give yourself.
Robert Louis Stevenson - Life is not a matter of holding good cards, but of playing a poor hand well.
Robert Louis Stevenson - The Devil, can sometimes do a very gentlemanly thing.
Robert Louis Stevenson - All human beings are commingled out of good and evil.
Robert Louis Stevenson - That man is a success who has lived well, laughed often and loved much.
Robert Louis Stevenson - Keep your eyes open to your mercies. The man who forgets to be thankful has fallen asleep in life.
Robert Louis Stevenson - To be what we are, and to become what we are capable of becoming, is the only end of life.
Robert M. Pirsig - The only Zen you can find on the tops of mountains is the Zen you bring up there.
Robert M. Pirsig - Boredom always precedes a period of great creativity.
Robert M. Pirsig - The only Zen you find on the tops of mountains is the Zen you bring up there.
Robert M. Pirsig - Quality is a direct experience independent of and prior to intellectual abstractions.
Robert M. Pirsig - Quality is the Buddha.
Robert M. Pirsig - Metaphysics is a restaurant where they give you a thirty thousand page menu, and no food.
Robert M. Pirsig - The place to improve the world is first in one's own heart and head and hands.
Robert M. Pirsig - Even in the presence of others he was completely alone.
Robert M. Pirsig - We keep passing unseen through little moments of other people's lives.
Robert M. Pirsig - When somebody goes outside the cultural norms, the culture has to protect itself.
Robert Mueller - Leaking of classified material is a concern.
Robert Mueller - There'll be differences of opinion in just about every intelligence analysis that you make.
Robert Mueller - In planning an attack, persons have various roles.
Robert Mueller - So there is a foreign intelligence purpose for every one of our FISA warrants.
Robert Mueller - I think around the world, our agents are the best collectors of information you'll find.
Robert Mueller - Perimeter defense may not matter if the enemy is inside the gates.
Robert Mueller - I've always loved investigations.
Robert Mueller - My admonition is, 'No counterterrorism lead goes uncovered.'
Robert Mueller - I still have to work on patience.
Robert Mueller - We cannot turn back the clock. We cannot undo the impact of technology. Nor would we want to.
Robert Mugabe - We don't mind having sanctions banning us from Europe. We are not Europeans.
Robert Mugabe - The white man is not indigenous to Africa. Africa is for Africans. Zimbabwe is for Zimbabweans.
Robert Mugabe - We are not hungry... Why foist this food upon us? We don't want to be choked. We have enough.
Robert Mugabe - We are no longer going to ask for the land, but we are going to take it without negotiating.
Robert Mugabe - It may be necessary to use methods other than constitutional ones.
Robert Mugabe - Our party must continue to strike fear in the heart of the white man, our real enemy!
Robert Mugabe - I have died many times. I have actually beaten Jesus Christ because he only died once.
Robert Mugabe - So, Blair keep your England, and let me keep my Zimbabwe.
Robert Mugabe - There are things one must do for oneself.
Robert Mugabe - Stay with us, please remain in this country and constitute a nation based on national unity.
Robert Orben - A vacation is having nothing to do and all day to do it in.
Robert Orben - Time flies. It's up to you to be the navigator.
Robert Orben - With my luck, if I ever invested in General Motors, they'd bust it to Corporal!
Robert Orben - Do your kids a favor - don't have any.
Robert Orben - Don't think of it as failure. Think of it as time-released success.
Robert Orben - I take my children everywhere, but they always find their way back home.
Robert Orben - Never raise your hand to your children - it leaves your midsection unprotected.
Robert Orben - To err is human - and to blame it on a computer is even more so.
Robert Orben - Most people would like to be delivered from temptation but would like it to keep in touch.
Robert Orben - Older people shouldn't eat health food, they need all the preservatives they can get.
Robert Plant - Music is for every single person that walks the planet.
Robert Plant - We are trying to communicate a fulfilled ideal. Does anybody remember laughter?
Robert Plant - I'm not a flowerchild or anything like that... whatever it was.
Robert Plant - Old men do it better. We're not so sensitive in certain areas.
Robert Plant - I've been scared and I've liked not hanging on to stuff where I know that I'm in my comfort zone.
Robert Plant - The past is a stepping stone, not a millstone.
Robert Plant - I can't moan about any of it. I had a great time in the goldfish bowl.
Robert Plant - You know, people can't fall in love with me just because I'm good at what I do.
Robert Plant - Does anyone remember laughter?
Robert Plant - I can find my way from 500 A.D. through to 1066 pretty well as an amateur historian.
Robert Redford - When I was a kid, nobody told me I was good-looking. I wish they had. I would've had a better time.
Robert Redford - I'm not a facelift person. I am what I am.
Robert Redford - Health food may be good for the conscience but Oreos taste a hell of a lot better.
Robert Redford - Never revisit the past, that's dangerous. You know, move on.
Robert Redford - Sundance was started as a mechanism for the discovery of new voices and new talent.
Robert Redford - Ambiguity is something that I really respond to. I like the complexity of it.
Robert Redford - Be careful of success; it has a dark side.
Robert Redford - Storytelling is important. Part of human continuity.
Robert Redford - I think independent filmmakers, documentary filmmakers - they are journalists.
Robert Redford - I'm not a lawyer, but I do know this: we need to protect our ability to tell controversial stories.
Robert Reich - Average working people need more fresh starts. Big corporations, banks, and Donald Trump need fewer.
Robert Reich - Centrism is bogus.
Robert Reich - You can't create a political movement out of pabulum.
Robert Reich - You can't inspire people if you are going to be uninspiring.
Robert Reich - Globalization and free trade do spur economic growth, and they lead to lower prices on many goods.
Robert Reich - America is one of few advanced nations that allow direct advertising of prescription drugs.
Robert Reich - Too many young people graduate laden with debts that take years, if not decades, to pay off.
Robert Reich - What someone is paid has little or no relationship to what their work is worth to society.
Robert Reich - Standing up to bullies is the hallmark of a civilized society.
Robert Reich - Corporations aren't people. They have no brains, no consciences, no capacity for intent or guilt.
Robert Smith - If you feel alienated from people around you, it's because no one tries to understand you.
Robert Smith - I lose myself in music because I can't be bothered explaining what I feel to anyone else around me.
Robert Smith - When you're on stage, the real world just drops away for that time. It's pretty intense.
Robert Smith - I could write songs as bad as Wham's if I really felt the urge to, but what's the point?
Robert Smith - I think the rock'n'roll myth of living on the edge is a pile of crap.
Robert Smith - They may not like us, but they can't get away from knowing who we are.
Robert Smith - I'd rather spend my time looking at the sky than listening to Whitney Houston.
Robert Smith - If any of our songs ever did make it on the top ten, I'd disband the group immediately.
Robert Smith - I don't think of death in a romantic way anymore.
Robert Smith - Reading is something I've really missed, not being able to enter people's worlds.
Robert Wilson - If you slow things down, you notice things you hadn't seen before.
Robert Wilson - The landscape of Texas is in all my work. It's that light; it's that sky.
Robert Wilson - I think people are looking for an alternative to the fast pace of everyday life and entertainment.
Robert Wilson - My method is much like choreography. I don't sit at a table. I work in a room with people.
Robert Wilson - My work has always dealt with a kind of space that allows one to daydream.
Robert Wilson - Light is architectural. It is sculptural.
Robert Wilson - When we look back at the Mayans or ancient Egypt, we look at their art.
Robert Wilson - If we lose our culture, we lose our memory.
Robert Wilson - My theater is slow and calm, yet my life is fast and hectic, going in all directions.
Robert Wilson - I start any work the same way. I start a rehearsal with silence.
Roberto Benigni - For me, Fellini was like a watermelon. It is there. A watermelon cannot die.
Roberto Benigni - It's a sign of mediocrity when you demonstrate gratitude with moderation.
Roberto Benigni - 'The Divine Comedy' is very sophisticated but also very popular.
Roberto Benigni - My duty is to try to reach beauty. Cinema is emotion. When you laugh you cry.
Roberto Benigni - Stanley Kubrick is one of the geniuses of this century.
Roberto Benigni - To be in front of an audience and pretending, and to lie, this is the principle of acting.
Roberto Benigni - 'The Tiger And The Snow' is a beautiful movie. I am in love with this idea.
Roberto Benigni - Maybe sometimes I have been wrong with some movies. Anyway, I try to do my best.
Roberto Benigni - I am like a cartoon strip; I am like Donald Duck; everybody knows me in Italy.
Roberto Benigni - I think that sometimes only comedians can reach the peaks of tragedy.
Robertson Davies - The eye sees only what the mind is prepared to comprehend.
Robertson Davies - A happy childhood has spoiled many a promising life.
Robertson Davies - Their very conservatism is secondhand, and they don't know what they are conserving.
Robertson Davies - If we seek the pleasures of love, passion should be occasional, and common sense continual.
Robertson Davies - The love of truth lies at the root of much humor.
Robertson Davies - The most original thing a writer can do is write like himself. It is also his most difficult task.
Robertson Davies - No people in the world can make you feel so small as the English.
Robertson Davies - Canada is not really a place where you are encouraged to have large spiritual adventures.
Robertson Davies - Only a fool expects to be happy all the time.
Robertson Davies - Fanaticism is overcompensation for doubt.
Robin Wright - If you're happy, if you're feeling good, then nothing else matters.
Robin Wright - I have Spanx on. Always! I have to wear them all the time!
Robin Wright - I grew up very fast as a young girl, but I grew slowly into my womanhood.
Robin Wright - I learned about men from my son.
Robin Wright - I always wanted to get out of L.A., but time passes, and you find excuses to stay.
Robin Wright - I'm a hedonist when it comes to culinary delights.
Robin Wright - Learning what you don't want is how you know what you do want.
Robin Wright - I have always been a good mimic.
Robin Wright - I can't stop moving. I'm like this weird insect. I can't sit still in real life.
Robin Wright - If you get enough sleep, cut back on cigarettes and red meat, you look better the next day.
Robyn Davidson - There are worse things than being called 'the camel lady,' I suppose.
Robyn Davidson - I don't want to be bored; I don't want to be with someone I don't respect.
Robyn Davidson - Camels are wonderful animals. Witty, intelligent and sensitive.
Robyn Davidson - Some of the best conversations I've had are sitting around a camp fire.
Robyn Davidson - I do believe that the genre reached its peak before the First World War.
Robyn Davidson - You apply the skills you use to produce your own book to make an anthology. Shaping. Rhythm.
Robyn Davidson - I just don't see myself as a travel writer. I can't. I don't.
Robyn Davidson - I think a lot of writers are unrealistic about having their books translated into film.
Robyn Davidson - If you are fragmented and uncertain, it is terrifying to find the boundaries of yourself melt.
Robyn Davidson - Think for yourself. Act for yourself. Find out what you're capable of.
Rod Stewart - I think, with suits and clothes, if you keep them long enough, they all come back in fashion.
Rod Stewart - You shouldn't be in the music business if you're posing.
Rod Stewart - I've tried many other hairstyles, but it just doesn't work.
Rod Stewart - I'm a rock star because I couldn't be a soccer star.
Rod Stewart - Fast cars like Porsches and Ferraris - they are things of beauty.
Rod Stewart - I'm proud to be a railway modeler.
Rod Stewart - I can definitely say the older I've got the better I've become at being a dad and a husband.
Rod Stewart - My big brother still thinks he's a better singer than me.
Rod Stewart - You can be with one of the most beautiful women in the world and still be unhappy.
Rod Stewart - I see myself at 7:30 in the morning and it's not too pretty.
Rodney King - People, I just want to say, can we all get along? Can we get along?
Rodney King - Anybody can get bigheaded once they know the seat cannot be pulled out from under them.
Rodney King - As a black man, you run from the cops. It's different now, but back when I was coming up, you run.
Rodney King - It's happening right now... it's just not on film, it's not being recorded.
Rodney King - Can we all get along?
Rodney King - I saw my hometown burning that day.
Rodney King - The trouble that they see me in is a part of my life that I'm working on.
Rodney King - It's not painful to relive it. I'm comfortable with my position in American history.
Rodney King - I tell myself time heals. It really does.
Rodney King - What I've learned to do is arrest my addiction - arrest it myself, so I don't get arrested.
Roger Ailes - We're not programming to conservatives. We're just not eliminating their point of view.
Roger Ailes - You never pull the trigger until you know you can win.
Roger Ailes - I only understand friendship or scorched earth.
Roger Ailes - Television and I grew up together.
Roger Ailes - I have a soft spot for Joe Biden. I like him. But he's dumb as an ashtray.
Roger Ailes - There is a - deep down, underneath all the work I do, I think there's a laziness in me.
Roger Ailes - I think almost everything in life is life-experience, personality-driven.
Roger Ailes - I quit politics because I hated it.
Roger Ailes - The press is supposed to watch the powerful. And not throw in with them.
Roger Ailes - The news business is simple, but it's not easy to do well.
Roger Daltrey - You're better off being a brick layer if you're going to play guitar than a sheet metal worker.
Roger Daltrey - I don't know many singers who actually do like the sound of their own voice.
Roger Daltrey - But contrary to what some people seem to think, I was never a bully. I was just a hard man.
Roger Daltrey - I hope I die before I get old.
Roger Daltrey - I've always felt that music is an art form that deserves to live the life of the artist.
Roger Daltrey - I can't retire.
Roger Daltrey - I don't care what people say about me.
Roger Daltrey - I know my faults, but I'm comfortable with me.
Roger Daltrey - I'm not always the most diplomatic person.
Roger Daltrey - I've never wanted to be anyone other than who I am.
Roger Ebert - Your intellect may be confused, but your emotions will never lie to you.
Roger Ebert - Nothing ever seems straightforward in Venice, least of all its romances.
Roger Ebert - It's rare to find a film that goes for broke and says, 'To hell with the consequences.'
Roger Ebert - It is reckless to make broad generalizations about any group of people.
Roger Ebert - It is not enough for a movie to be righteous. It must also be watchable.
Roger Ebert - Most of us do not consciously look at movies.
Roger Ebert - Every great film should seem new every time you see it.
Roger Ebert - I think most people are more susceptible to prejudice than to reason.
Roger Ebert - I think we have to get beyond the idea that we have to categorize people.
Roger Ebert - I'm kind of glad the web is sort of totally anarchic. That's fine with me.
Roger Federer - I'm a very positive thinker, and I think that is what helps me the most in difficult moments.
Roger Federer - When you do something best in life, you don't really want to give that up - and for me it's tennis.
Roger Federer - You know, I don't only play for the record books.
Roger Federer - I have learnt to be even more patient.
Roger Federer - But so far I have the feeling that the chances are there to repeat last year's season.
Roger Federer - Early in my career, I struggled with consistency, but I couldn't get more consistent than this year.
Roger Federer - I can't stay No. 1 for fifty years, you know. We'll see what happens.
Roger Federer - I feel a bit awkward playing in a red shirt out at Wimbledon. But I don't dislike it.
Roger Federer - We can't always agree on everything.
Roger Federer - Being a husband is for me as big a priority as being a father.
Roger Moore - My father believed in toughness, honesty, politeness and being on time. All very important lessons.
Roger Moore - The fact of the matter is that most actors are shy people.
Roger Moore - Creating a character on or off the stage is an escape.
Roger Moore - I am a mixture of idealist and realist.
Roger Moore - I don't like bungee jumping, but I do like skiing.
Roger Moore - I think arriving at or departing from any airport in America is just horrendous these days.
Roger Moore - I'm sorry to say that no, I do not play the piano.
Roger Moore - Some are blessed with musical ability, others with good looks. Myself, I was blessed with modesty.
Roger Moore - I never liked guns, I hate them, I always blink before they go off.
Roger Moore - Working with UNICEF made me grow up and recognize how fortunate I am.
Roger Staubach - In any team sport, the best teams have consistency and chemistry.
Roger Staubach - There are no traffic jams along the extra mile.
Roger Staubach - Winning isn't getting ahead of others. It's getting ahead of yourself.
Roger Staubach - Confidence comes from hours and days and weeks and years of constant work and dedication.
Roger Staubach - As a part owner, I'm going to be not only an admirer... but a nervous wreck.
Roger Staubach - Discrimination is a disease.
Roger Staubach - There are a lot of people who touch the customer.
Roger Staubach - It's okay to have personal ambitions, but you have to take someone with you.
Roger Staubach - Even though they are paid differently, everyone has to feel appreciated.
Roger Staubach - If NASCAR racing gets any more exciting, I may not be able to stand it.
Roger Stone - The general election is not an organizational exercise - it's a mass media exercise.
Roger Stone - There is something urbane, stylish, and worldly about owning a cocktail shaker.
Roger Stone - Let's be very clear, if you check the F.E.C. records you will see I am supporting George W. Bush.
Roger Stone - I get blamed for things I have nothing to do with.
Roger Stone - Unless you can fake sincerity, you'll get nowhere in this business.
Roger Stone - Politics with me isn't theater. It's performance art. Sometimes, for its own sake.
Roger Stone - Nobody ever built a statue to a committee.
Roger Stone - If you have to drag somebody to register, they're not highly motivated.
Roger Stone - In this business, if you don't pay your debts you're finished.
Roger Stone - Big brother listening in on your phone calls - I got a problem with that.
Ron Paul - Real patriotism is a willingness to challenge the government when it's wrong.
Ron Paul - When one gets in bed with government, one must expect the diseases it spreads.
Ron Paul - You wanna get rid of drug crime in this country? Fine, let's just get rid of all the drug laws.
Ron Paul - War is never economically beneficial except for those in position to profit from war expenditures.
Ron Paul - Setting a good example is a far better way to spread ideals than through force of arms.
Ron Paul - Legitimate use of violence can only be that which is required in self-defense.
Ron Paul - Our country's founders cherished liberty, not democracy.
Ron Paul - Capitalism should not be condemned, since we haven't had capitalism.
Ron Paul - 1913 wasn't a very good year. 1913 gave us the income tax, the 16th amendment and the IRS.
Ron Paul - Have you noticed the debt is exploding? And it's not all because of Medicare.
Ron White - Anybody could say anything they want about me, and it literally never penetrates my skin.
Ron White - I do live like a rock star, but it's not as great as it sounds. It's a lot of traveling.
Ron White - I'd rather do a really good small part than a really bad big part.
Ron White - I didn't get where I am today by worryin' about how I'd feel tomorrow.
Ron White - When I was about 12 years old back in Houston, my Dad used to take us to the driving range.
Ron White - I believe that a bad Super Bowl halftime show is still better than a soccer game.
Ron White - You wanna get the truth out of me, get me hammered.
Ron White - The only way to stay sharp is to do live shows. There is no part-time comedy.
Ron White - Diamonds - that'll shut her up... for a minute!
Ron White - The next time you have a thought... let it go.
Ronda Rousey - Look at my face. Does it look like I can take a good hit?
Ronda Rousey - Even if they don't know it, everyone has the instinct to survive.
Ronda Rousey - I had to learn to take my time in MMA, and I was just able to keep a clear head.
Ronda Rousey - If there's a camera on me or off me, it's roughly the same, just a lot less energy.
Ronda Rousey - Being an athlete, you try to get protein.
Ronda Rousey - Where is women's sports prominently displayed with the men? Tennis is the only thing I can think of.
Ronda Rousey - I lost a lot of judo matches because of points fighters. It was extremely frustrating for me.
Ronda Rousey - Believe me, there's nothing I would like to do more than disappear for a while.
Ronda Rousey - I'm a terrible singer, but I'm not shy about it. I'm shy about dancing.
Ronda Rousey - Bartending took the romanticism out of drinking.
Ronnie Spector - So don't get me wrong, I love my songs, and I still love hearing them. That's history, baby.
Ronnie Spector - My honeymoon night was spent on the floor in the bathroom with my mother.
Ronnie Spector - When I do a concert and people put their hands in the air, they're doing it on their own.
Ronnie Spector - Today, they're just up there for the money, just packaged and be gone.
Ronnie Spector - The people need to feel the music.
Ronnie Spector - Stage performing is a dying art form.
Ronnie Spector - No one has their own identity like the Ronettes did back in the day.
Ronnie Spector - Most of the groups I worked with 30 years ago are either dead or dead broke. And it's a shame.
Ronnie Spector - Kill Rock Stars allowed me to put out a real genuine rock 'n' roll record.
Ronnie Spector - I think Behind the Music is good for people like Leif Garrett and Motley Crue.
Rose Kennedy - Life isn't a matter of milestones, but of moments.
Rose Kennedy - Prosperity tries the fortunate, adversity the great.
Rose Kennedy - I do not like candid pictures. They are so unattractive.
Rose Kennedy - I know not age, nor weariness nor defeat.
Rose Kennedy - Neither comprehension nor learning can take place in an atmosphere of anxiety.
Rose Kennedy - There's nothing I like less than bad arguments for a view that I hold dear.
Rose Kennedy - More business is lost every year through neglect than through any other cause.
Rose Kennedy - I've had an exciting time; I married for love and got a little money along with it.
Rose Kennedy - I'm like old wine. They don't bring me out very often - but I'm well preserved.
Rose Kennedy - No one will ever feel sorry for me.
Roseanne Barr - The thing women have yet to learn is nobody gives you power. You just take it.
Roseanne Barr - Women complain about PMS, but I think of it as the only time of the month when I can be myself.
Roseanne Barr - Excuse the mess but we live here.
Roseanne Barr - It's okay to be fat. So you're fat. Just be fat and shut up about it.
Roseanne Barr - I know how to do anything, I'm a mom.
Roseanne Barr - Birth control that really works - every night before we go to bed we spend an hour with our kids.
Roseanne Barr - Imitation is the sincerest form of show business.
Roseanne Barr - You kind of restructure your whole personality to be in a healthy relationship.
Roseanne Barr - I meditate so I know how to find a peaceful place within to be calm and peaceful.
Roseanne Barr - My real life is funnier than anything on TV.
Ross Perot - If you see a snake, just kill it - don't appoint a committee on snakes.
Ross Perot - Eagles don't flock, you have to find them one at a time.
Ross Perot - If someone as blessed as I am is not willing to clean out the barn, who will?
Ross Perot - Written reports stifle creativity.
Ross Perot - Anybody can cut prices, but it takes brains to produce a better article.
Ross Perot - Which one of the three candidates would you want your daughter to marry?
Ross Perot - Inventories can be managed, but people must be led.
Ross Perot - Failures are like skinned knees, painful but superficial.
Ross Perot - A weak currency is the sign of a weak economy, and a weak economy leads to a weak nation.
Ross Perot - You don't have to be the biggest to beat the biggest.
Rowan Atkinson - I mean I can do it when I'm very relaxed, and with good friends, then I think I can be amusing.
Rowan Atkinson - Nope, I don't enjoy work generally. Not because I'm lazy; it's just all so stressful and worrying.
Rowan Atkinson - I want to express myself in a different way. I have a performing inclination.
Rowan Atkinson - You're about as useful as a one-legged man at an arse kicking contest.
Rowan Atkinson - But generally speaking, I tend to be quiet and introspective.
Rowan Atkinson - It's a bit disconcerting being treated like Madonna.
Rowan Atkinson - I have always worried about things more than I should.
Rowan Atkinson - But I always feel that whatever I do, I could do better. I suppose it is perfectionism.
Rowan Atkinson - I consider myself more of a visual comedian than a physical one.
Rowan Atkinson - I'm more critical of the films I make than anyone else.
Rudy Giuliani - It's about time law enforcement got as organized as organized crime.
Rudy Giuliani - I am a free market Republican. I am against subsidies, in most cases.
Rudy Giuliani - Change is not a destination, just as hope is not a strategy.
Rudy Giuliani - When you confront a problem you begin to solve it.
Rudy Giuliani - Revenge is not a noble sentiment, but it is a human one.
Rudy Giuliani - Leaders need to be optimists. Their vision is beyond the present.
Rudy Giuliani - You never agree with any one candidate 100 percent. I don't agree with myself 100 percent.
Rudy Giuliani - The danger to a black child in America is not a white police officer. The danger is another black.
Rudy Giuliani - St. Paul's Chapel stands - without so much as a broken window. Little miracle.
Rudy Giuliani - In choosing Governor Sarah Palin as his running mate, John McCain has chosen for the future.
Rudyard Kipling - Never look backwards or you'll fall down the stairs.
Rudyard Kipling - God could not be everywhere, and therefore he made mothers.
Rudyard Kipling - A woman is only a woman, but a good cigar is a smoke.
Rudyard Kipling - Gardens are not made by singing 'Oh, how beautiful,' and sitting in the shade.
Rudyard Kipling - A woman's guess is much more accurate than a man's certainty.
Rudyard Kipling - We have forty million reasons for failure, but not a single excuse.
Rudyard Kipling - A man's mind is wont to tell him more than seven watchmen sitting in a tower.
Rudyard Kipling - Heaven grant us patience with a man in love.
Rudyard Kipling - The first condition of understanding a foreign country is to smell it.
Rudyard Kipling - I always prefer to believe the best of everybody, it saves so much trouble.
RuPaul - The whole point is to live life and be - to use all the colors in the crayon box.
RuPaul - In our subconscious, we all know we're playing roles.
RuPaul - I think this life is hard without assistance from others.
RuPaul - Never forget that the most political thing you can ever do is follow your heart.
RuPaul - It's important to remember that you're born naked, and the rest is drag.
RuPaul - There are so many sensitive souls; they don't know what to do with their feelings.
RuPaul - Drag is there to remind culture not to take itself too seriously. All of this is illusion.
RuPaul - It's important to find your tribe.
RuPaul - Life's journey - it unfolds for you as you are ready for it.
RuPaul - Life is dangerous. There are no guarantees.
Rupert Everett - I don't think I've ever tried to change anyone. I don't have the energy.
Rupert Everett - It's amazing the clarity that comes with psychotic jealousy.
Rupert Everett - I was basically adventurous, I think I wanted to try everything.
Rupert Everett - I went to boarding school at seven and cried and cried.
Rupert Everett - There's still a great deal of bias about homosexuality.
Rupert Everett - I am at that age when you panic at the slightest thing.
Rupert Everett - I've never been any good with authority.
Rupert Everett - I've been reduced to drag.
Rupert Everett - Being in Hollywood is like being in the Christian right these days.
Rupert Everett - My grandfather was born in India and three generations of my family served there.
Rupert Murdoch - I'm not an economist and we all know economists were created to make weather forecasters look good.
Rupert Murdoch - Bury your mistakes.
Rupert Murdoch - The buck stops with the guy who signs the checks.
Rupert Murdoch - I am amazed that CNN can't get its act together.
Rupert Murdoch - I felt that it's best just to be as transparent as possible.
Rupert Murdoch - When you're a catalyst for change, you make enemies - and I'm proud of the ones I've got.
Rupert Murdoch - Our reputation is more important than the last hundred million dollars.
Rupert Murdoch - My father left me with a clear sense that the media was something different.
Rupert Murdoch - I think everyone's against abortion.
Rupert Murdoch - One thing I resent is the slur that I just support political candidates because of the business.
Rush Limbaugh - Capitalism is always evaluated against dreams. Utopia is a dream. It doesn't exist.
Rush Limbaugh - Liberals get credit for good intentions, and that's about it, because everything they do fails.
Rush Limbaugh - I have to tell you, every day is a roller coaster.
Rush Limbaugh - Ronald Reagan was the greatest president of the twentieth century.
Rush Limbaugh - Feminism was established to allow unattractive women easier access to the mainstream.
Rush Limbaugh - Character matters; leadership descends from character.
Rush Limbaugh - Did you know that the White House drug test is multiple choice?
Rush Limbaugh - No nation ever taxed itself into prosperity.
Rush Limbaugh - You know why there's a Second Amendment? In case the government fails to follow the first one.
Rush Limbaugh - Football is like life and I know life.
Russell Baker - Ah, summer, what power you have to make us suffer and like it.
Russell Baker - Don't try to make children grow up to be like you, or they may do it.
Russell Baker - The goal of all inanimate objects is to resist man and ultimately defeat him.
Russell Baker - The worst thing about being a tourist is having other tourists recognize you as a tourist.
Russell Baker - In America, it is sport that is the opiate of the masses.
Russell Baker - When it comes to cars, only two varieties of people are possible - cowards and fools.
Russell Baker - In America nothing dies easier than tradition.
Russell Baker - Except for politics, no business is scrutinized more exhaustively than journalism.
Russell Baker - Journalism talk is part of the nonstop background noise of American life.
Russell Baker - Serious journalism need not be solemn.
Russell Brand - I'm into yoga, I meditate all the time, I'm vegetarian.
Russell Brand - My mum brought me up on her own. All we really had was each other.
Russell Brand - Honesty has always been an integral part of my operation, really.
Russell Brand - I'll not be changing, but America will.
Russell Brand - I've always had this impulse to be destructive.
Russell Brand - I do have a regard for the musicality of language that came from BBC sitcoms like 'Fawlty Towers.'
Russell Brand - Everyone has their own mantra.
Russell Brand - As a person... I'm a little more doubtful, introspective and analytical.
Russell Brand - The bad-boy label is just an assumption.
Russell Brand - Strength does not have to be belligerent and loud.
Russell Crowe - People accuse me of being arrogant all the time. I'm not arrogant, I'm focused.
Russell Crowe - If there is no blood on the line, it is not rugby league.
Russell Crowe - I have respect for beer.
Russell Crowe - There's nothing like sitting back and talking to your cows.
Russell Crowe - God bless America. God save the Queen. God defend New Zealand and thank Christ for Australia.
Russell Crowe - There has to be a mathematical explanation for how bad that tie is.
Russell Crowe - Like everyone else, I've had moments when I've felt that I've been losing my grip.
Russell Crowe - I respond in the moment which is what makes me a good actor.
Russell Crowe - I don't play chess with my life, ya' know.
Russell Crowe - I'd like to play passionate women, but no one will let me.
Russell M. Nelson - A covenant made with God should be regarded not as restrictive but as protective.
Russell M. Nelson - Eternal principles that govern happiness apply equally to all.
Russell M. Nelson - Obedience brings success; exact obedience brings miracles.
Russell M. Nelson - The only way to take sorrow out of death is to take love out of life.
Russell M. Nelson - Our Heavenly Father loves you. He has created you to be successful and to have joy.
Russell M. Nelson - To rule children by force is the technique of Satan, not of the Savior.
Russell M. Nelson - A worthy woman personifies the truly noble and worthwhile attributes of life.
Russell M. Nelson - My concern is that contention is becoming accepted as a way of life.
Russell M. Nelson - Prior to my call to the Twelve, I served as a medical doctor and surgeon.
Russell M. Nelson - The Lord has often chosen to instruct His people in their times of trial.
Russell Simmons - Surround yourself with people who are smarter than you.
Russell Simmons - Poverty and lack of knowledge must be challenged.
Russell Simmons - Judgment of the people in the situation is not helpful. How can you help them is the question.
Russell Simmons - Hip-hop is a voice for voiceless poor people.
Russell Simmons - I think I'm less afraid of failure than some others.
Russell Simmons - I think when you're very dedicated to something and you're engaged fully, you become a giver.
Russell Simmons - Art allows people a way to dream their way out of their struggle.
Russell Simmons - Art is a way to express yourself and through that you can escape a bad situation.
Russell Simmons - If you learn late, you pass it on to people so they can learn early. It's a step process.
Russell Simmons - I try to create businesses that I think are not hurtful.
Ruth Bader Ginsburg - My mother told me to be a lady. And for her, that meant be your own person, be independent.
Ruth Bader Ginsburg - So that's the dissenter's hope: that they are writing not for today but for tomorrow.
Ruth Bader Ginsburg - The state controlling a woman would mean denying her full autonomy and full equality.
Ruth Bader Ginsburg - Fight for the things that you care about, but do it in a way that will lead others to join you.
Ruth Bader Ginsburg - It is not women's liberation, it is women's and men's liberation.
Ruth Bader Ginsburg - We had to go on and do the work of the court and we did.
Ruth Bader Ginsburg - I would not look to the U.S. Constitution if I were drafting a constitution in 2012.
Ruth Bader Ginsburg - You can disagree without being disagreeable.
Ruth Bader Ginsburg - Dissents speak to a future age.
Ruth Bader Ginsburg - Who will take responsibility for raising the next generation?
Ruth Reichl - In really good times, you say, 'No, I'm not taking that ad.' But in bad times, you'll take anything.
Ruth Reichl - The secret to life is finding joy in ordinary things. I'm interested in happiness.
Ruth Reichl - I love breakfast, and I don't see any reason it has to be cereal and eggs and toast.
Ruth Reichl - I like to work. I believe that work helps us find our self worth.
Ruth Reichl - Let's face it: my life tends to revolve around food, and I love feeding people.
Ruth Reichl - I like poached eggs, but I'll make scrambled or fried or whatever anybody wants.
Ruth Reichl - I couldn't live without butter. Butter is probably my single favourite food.
Ruth Reichl - Writing about food is my default.
Ruth Reichl - I don't think I hate any food trends.
Ruth Reichl - I wanted to figure out a way of living where I didn't have to be in an office every day.
Ruth Rendell - The knives of jealousy are honed on details.
Ruth Rendell - I really do literally put myself into a character's shoes.
Ruth Rendell - I think to be driven to want to kill must be such a terrible burden.
Ruth Rendell - I try, and I think I succeed, in making my readers feel pity for my psychopaths, because I do.
Ruth Rendell - Women's rights are more important than their ethnic rights.
Ruth Rendell - What I mind in modern society very much is the awful lack of grammar.
Ruth Rendell - I love memory sticks. They seem to me to be magic.
Ruth Rendell - Reading taught me how to write.
Ruth Rendell - I was imbued from a very early age with a sense of doom.
Ruth Rendell - I have a soft spot for charities that help children.
Rutherford B. Hayes - To vote is like the payment of a debt, a duty never to be neglected, if its performance is possible.
Rutherford B. Hayes - He serves his party best who serves his country best.
Rutherford B. Hayes - Virtue is defined to be mediocrity, of which either extreme is vice.
Rutherford B. Hayes - The independence of all political and other bother is a happiness.
Rutherford B. Hayes - No person connected with me by blood or marriage will be appointed to office.
Rutherford B. Hayes - I am a radical in thought (and principle) and a conservative in method (and conduct).
Rutherford B. Hayes - Universal suffrage is sound in principle. The radical element is right.
Rutherford B. Hayes - Unjust attacks on public men do them more good than unmerited praise.
Rutherford B. Hayes - Must swear off from swearing. Bad habit.
Rutherford B. Hayes - The progress of society is mainly the improvement in the condition of the workingmen of the world.
Ryan Gosling - Freedom is such a gift.
Ryan Gosling - I try not to discriminate against genres.
Ryan Gosling - I feel like everything has happened naturally.
Ryan Gosling - I'm waiting to get old - I think old guys with tattoos look good.
Ryan Gosling - I know there are only so many characters I'll be able to play.
Ryan Gosling - I grew up Mormon. I wasn't really Mormon, my parents were.
Ryan Gosling - There's good things about going to church.
Ryan Gosling - If people want to put me up on their walls, I'll love it.
Ryan Gosling - I think we just knew that we had a movie when Rachel walked in the room.
Ryan Gosling - You know us crazy kids. We'll do anything crazy to our hair.
Ryan Lochte - I believe everyone has a soul mate that they can spend the rest of their life together.
Ryan Lochte - Not to have a big head about it, but people love me.
Ryan Lochte - Abe Lincoln is my favorite president of all time - and he pulls off that top hat pretty well.
Ryan Lochte - I might wear my pink Speedo. I think I should.
Ryan Lochte - I'm going to focus on speed, doing little things like my turns and my starts - just speed.
Ryan Lochte - I hate to lose. I like winning.
Ryan Lochte - If I break my ankle right now, this Olympics wasn't meant to be.
Ryan Lochte - You know, you pick and choose your battles.
Ryan Lochte - I want people to see the passion I have for swimming and become more involved in the sport.
Ryan Lochte - My philosophy is if you're a man at night, you gotta be a man in the morning.
Ryan Reynolds - When you have expectations, you are setting yourself up for disappointment.
Ryan Reynolds - Are you stalking me? Because that would be super.
Ryan Reynolds - The stunts on the ground I can do, but I've never been good with heights.
Ryan Reynolds - I was a really nervous kid. I was extremely sensitive. Incredibly perceptive.
Ryan Reynolds - I've had an alarming amount of concussions.
Ryan Reynolds - I feared disappointing my father more than anything in the world.
Ryan Reynolds - Any kind of crisis can be good. It wakes you up.
Ryan Reynolds - People have their complexities. They have their heroic moments and their villainous moments, too.
Ryan Reynolds - Guys are lucky: We can wear a suit over and over, just with different shirts and ties.
Ryan Reynolds - I've had the pretty good fortune of working with some decent guys and gals.
Ryan Seacrest - I'm obsessed with fresh breath.
Ryan Seacrest - The combination of a blazer over any T-shirt with a pair of jeans is foolproof.
Ryan Seacrest - Trust me, if I were gay I'd be getting more action than I'm getting now.
Ryan Seacrest - I believe that one of the things I've tried to do is work hard and take the business very seriously.
Ryan Seacrest - I hope I can help guys come out and say, 'All right, dude, I got a manicure... and I liked it.'
Ryan Seacrest - Some people meet people in the grocery store, but I get my tomatoes and I'm out.
Ryan Seacrest - I work best inundated with things, when it's like raining information.
Ryan Seacrest - I use every opportunity, whether on my radio show or on television, to break stereotypes.
Ryan Seacrest - I knew I could control one thing, and that is my time and my hours and my effort and my efficiency.
Ryan Seacrest - I've never done Botox in my life. But I've probably tried everything else under the sun.
Ryne Sandberg - I was in the postseason twice and I'm thankful for that.
Ryne Sandberg - If you played the game the right way, played the game for the team, good things would happen.
Ryne Sandberg - My mom was at every single game I played as a kid, rain or shine.
Ryne Sandberg - A lot of people say this honor validates my career, but I didn't work hard for validation.
Ryne Sandberg - I didn't play the game right because I saw a reward at the end of the tunnel.
Ryne Sandberg - I played it right because that's what you're supposed to do - play it right and with respect.
Ryne Sandberg - In baseball, there's always the next day.
Ryne Sandberg - I have great memories of being a Cub, and I'm happy building new ones with the Phillies.
Ryne Sandberg - I was in awe every time I walked on to the field.
Ryne Sandberg - Baseball wasn't easy for me.
S. Truett Cathy - I had to create some good work habits and attitude.
S. Truett Cathy - Why would I retire from something I enjoy doing? I can hardly wait to get here.
S. Truett Cathy - I cook chicken for a living.
S. Truett Cathy - I'd like to be remembered as one who kept my priorities in the right order.
S. Truett Cathy - If a man can't manage his own life, he can't manage a business.
S. Truett Cathy - Why did the chicken cross the road? To prove to the possum that it could be done.
S. Truett Cathy - We tell applicants, 'If you don't intend to be here for life, you needn't apply.'
S. Truett Cathy - Chick-fil-A is what it is today because of its people, purpose and product.
S. Truett Cathy - Putting people before profits is how we've tried to operate from the beginning.
S. Truett Cathy - I'd be resentful if shareholders who don't know the business tried to tell me what to do.
Sachin Tendulkar - I have played for 15 years and it has been a dream.
Sachin Tendulkar - I just keep it simple. Watch the ball and play it on merit.
Sachin Tendulkar - But eventually it is a game of cricket.
Sachin Tendulkar - Every individual has his own style, his own way of presenting himself on and off the field.
Sachin Tendulkar - I just want to continue the way I am going.
Sachin Tendulkar - If one man is representing India in cricket, then yes, blame that person when things go wrong.
Sachin Tendulkar - I want to give my six hours of serious cricket on the ground and then take whatever the result.
Sachin Tendulkar - I have never tried to compare myself to anyone else.
Sachin Tendulkar - At least with me, the match starts much, much earlier than the actual match.
Sachin Tendulkar - I always had a dream to play for India but I never let it put pressure on me.
Sade Adu - To be a mother you must be strong. Even if you don't feel it, you have to pretend.
Sade Adu - I think you only really feel like an outsider if you've been an insider.
Sade Adu - I don't like looking outrageous.
Sade Adu - I don't get easily bored. I'm not that kind of person.
Sade Adu - I've got absolutely no real perception, properly, of time.
Sade Adu - I'm not shy or reclusive. I just spend my time with people rather than journalists.
Sade Adu - When I go into the studio, I completely detach. I let my emotions come out.
Sade Adu - I just aspire to pick people up. That's my ambition.
Sade Adu - I'm uneasy with fame so I do my best to avoid places that will bring me more attention.
Sade Adu - I'm not over the top; I'm not wacky. I'm fairly understated, and that reflects in the way I sing.
Sai Baba - All action results from thought, so it is thoughts that matter.
Sai Baba - You must pass your days in song. Let your whole life be a song.
Sai Baba - The life ahead can only be glorious if you learn to live in total harmony with the Lord.
Sai Baba - My eye is ever on those who love me.
Sai Baba - I am the Attributeless, Absolute, Nirguna. I have no name, no residence.
Sai Baba - I shall be active and vigorous even from the tomb.
Sai Baba - I give people what they want in the hope that they will begin to want what I want to give them!
Sai Baba - I am the protector of all lives. I am present even before the creation. I am prime God.
Sai Baba - If you seek my help and guidance, I will immediately give it to you.
Sai Baba - My tomb shall bless and speak to the needs of my devotees.
Saint Ambrose - A kindness received should be returned with a freer hand.
Saint Ambrose - Where a man's heart is, there is his treasure also.
Saint Ambrose - It is not enough just to wish well; we must also do well.
Saint Ambrose - There is nothing evil save that which perverts the mind and shackles the conscience.
Saint Ambrose - In some causes silence is dangerous.
Saint Ambrose - When in Rome, live as the Romans do; when elsewhere, live as they live elsewhere.
Saint Ambrose - No one is good but God alone. What is good is therefore divine, what is divine is therefore good.
Saint Ambrose - The emperor is in the Church, not above the Church.
Saint Ambrose - Take away the contests of the martyrs, and you have taken away their crowns.
Saint Ambrose - The best way to use the gold of the Redeemer is for the redemption of those in peril.
Saint Francis de Sales - A quarrel between friends, when made up, adds a new tie to friendship.
Saint Francis de Sales - Do not lose courage in considering your own imperfections.
Saint Francis de Sales - Have patience with all things, But, first of all with yourself.
Saint Francis de Sales - Nothing is so strong as gentleness, nothing so gentle as real strength.
Saint Francis de Sales - Be who you are and be that well.
Saint Francis de Sales - Do not wish to be anything but what you are, and try to be that perfectly.
Saint Francis de Sales - True progress quietly and persistently moves along without notice.
Saint Francis de Sales - Those who love to be feared fear to be loved.
Saint Francis de Sales - While I am busy with little things, I am not required to do greater things.
Saint Francis de Sales - Reputation is rarely proportioned to virtue.
Saint Teresa of Avila - The tree that is beside the running water is fresher and gives more fruit.
Saint Teresa of Avila - More tears are shed over answered prayers than unanswered ones.
Saint Teresa of Avila - I do not fear Satan half so much as I fear those who fear him.
Saint Teresa of Avila - Be gentle to all and stern with yourself.
Saint Teresa of Avila - Anyone who truly loves God travels securely.
Saint Teresa of Avila - Pain is never permanent.
Saint Teresa of Avila - To have courage for whatever comes in life - everything lies in that.
Saint Teresa of Avila - All things must come to the soul from its roots, from where it is planted.
Saint Teresa of Avila - Accustom yourself continually to make many acts of love, for they enkindle and melt the soul.
Saint Teresa of Avila - The feeling remains that God is on the journey, too.
Sallust - Neither soldiers nor money can defend a king but only friends won by good deeds, merit, and honesty.
Sallust - Harmony makes small things grow, lack of it makes great things decay.
Sallust - In battle it is the cowards who run the most risk; bravery is a rampart of defense.
Sallust - Do as much as possible, and talk of yourself as little as possible.
Sallust - In my opinion it is less shameful for a king to be overcome by force of arms than by bribery.
Sallust - Think like a man of action, and act like a man of thought.
Sallust - Every man is the architect of his own fortune.
Sallust - All who consult on doubtful matters, should be void of hatred, friendship, anger, and pity.
Sallust - We employ the mind to rule, the body to serve.
Sallust - Necessity makes even the timid brave.
Sally Field - It took me a long time not to judge myself through someone else's eyes.
Sally Field - I can't deny the fact that you like me! You like me!
Sally Field - I never really address myself to any image anybody has of me. That's like fighting with ghosts.
Sally Field - I think that's very sad, that I haven't allowed my heart to be broken. I have broken a few.
Sally Field - When I was born, the doctor looked at my mother and said, 'Congratulations, you have an actor!'
Sally Field - 'Forrest Gump' is filled full of moments where your heart just cheers.
Sally Field - You just do the best you can with what you've got... and sometimes magic strikes.
Sally Field - I've done some good work and some not-good work.
Sally Field - My agent said, 'You aren't good enough for movies.' I said, 'You're fired.'
Sally Field - If I hadn't fought back, I might have been Gidget forever.
Sally Mann - The whole nature of photography has changed with the advent of a camera in everybody's hand.
Sally Mann - I just started taking pictures, and it was - it was an instant love affair. It was just ecstatic.
Sally Mann - Death makes us sad, but it can also make us feel more alive.
Sally Mann - Very few males have the confidence to appear vulnerable.
Sally Mann - If I take enough pictures, I'm going to get a good one, and I know not to stop at a bad one.
Sally Mann - I guess I have a certain willingness for audacity.
Sally Mann - I have a vivid, apocalyptic imagination.
Sally Mann - Weeks go by, and I don't talk to another living soul.
Sally Mann - I work all the time. I never leave home. I mean, I just stay honed in on what's ahead.
Sally Mann - I never read about photography.
Sally Ride - I've spent my whole life not talking to people, and I don't see why I should start now.
Sally Ride - But when I wasn't working, I was usually at a window looking down at Earth.
Sally Ride - All adventures, especially into new territory, are scary.
Sally Ride - Rocket science is tough, and rockets have a way of failing.
Sally Ride - The stars don't look bigger, but they do look brighter.
Sally Ride - When you're getting ready to launch into space, you're sitting on a big explosion waiting to happen.
Sally Ride - Because I was a tennis player, Billie Jean King was a hero of mine.
Sally Ride - Yes, I did feel a special responsibility to be the first American woman in space.
Sally Ride - So most astronauts are astronauts for a couple of years before they are assigned to a flight.
Sally Ride - The view of Earth is spectacular.
Salma Hayek - If I go on a diet and work out, I'm always in a bad mood. I'd rather be a little heavier but nice.
Salma Hayek - My driving abilities from Mexico have helped me get through Hollywood.
Salma Hayek - Don't try to dress like me or wear your hair like mine. Find your own style.
Salma Hayek - My heart has been stolen too - but I've gone and got it back every single time!
Salma Hayek - How I would describe my characters is absolutely different from how I would describe myself.
Salma Hayek - I aim for a lifetime full of movies.
Salma Hayek - I directed a movie and now, I'm going to do the editing.
Salma Hayek - I'm good at working, but I'm very good at playing.
Salma Hayek - Producing is hell, writing is frustrating, acting is really satisfying, directing is heaven.
Salma Hayek - What is important is to believe in something so strongly that you're never discouraged.
Salman Rushdie - Sometimes legends make reality, and become more useful than the facts.
Salman Rushdie - One of the extraordinary things about human events is that the unthinkable becomes thinkable.
Salman Rushdie - Vertigo is the conflict between the fear of falling and the desire to fall.
Salman Rushdie - A mature society understands that at the heart of democracy is argument.
Salman Rushdie - The world is a very abnormal place.
Salman Rushdie - There is no such thing as perfect security, only varying levels of insecurity.
Salman Rushdie - You can take the boy out of Bombay; you can't take Bombay out of the boy, you know.
Salman Rushdie - It is very, very easy not to be offended by a book. You just have to shut it.
Salman Rushdie - I hate admitting that my enemies have a point.
Salman Rushdie - Be sure that you go to the author to get at his meaning, not to find yours.
Sam Brownback - My dad farmed, my granddad was a farmer. I wanted to be a farmer.
Sam Brownback - Let's create a legal system that can work.
Sam Brownback - I don't think there should be more gun control. I think there should be more education.
Sam Brownback - Refugees are the human dimensions of a failed state.
Sam Brownback - I think the real needs in the country are for cultural renewal.
Sam Brownback - I've served on the International Relations Committee.
Sam Brownback - We must take proactive steps to promote democracy and human rights abroad.
Sam Brownback - I do think there's a lot more we can do on the life agenda.
Sam Brownback - I enjoyed working with Ted Kennedy.
Sam Brownback - The next president needs to know foreign policy and not learn it on the job.
Sam Hunt - Some people don't like long bus rides, but I love them. There's sort of a sense of solitude.
Sam Hunt - By no means do I want to try to leave country music. That's absolutely where I want to stay.
Sam Hunt - I get the best inspiration or the most creativity from real emotions.
Sam Hunt - New experiences give you new perspectives on life.
Sam Hunt - I think of a song in terms of lyrics and stories, and that's what keeps it country for me.
Sam Hunt - I love being outside, I do a lot of hunting.
Sam Hunt - A good story gives you more of a license to be forward and progressive with the music.
Sam Hunt - It's good to be proud of your heritage and your culture, but pride can be perverted.
Sam Hunt - I study what's happening in music. I want to sound different than everybody else.
Sam Hunt - My golf game is lacking big time.
Sam Kinison - Stand-up comedy is an art form and it dies unless you expand it.
Sam Kinison - I'm attracted to heartbreakers.
Sam Kinison - My view of life is, 'If you're going to miss Heaven, why miss it by two inches? Miss it!
Sam Kinison - If I get married again, I want a guy there with a drum to do rimshots during the vows.
Sam Kinison - Rage only works if it is justified. That's the trick with rage. You gotta have a reason to be mad.
Sam Kinison - I guess my main influences are Jesus, rock 'n' roll and ex-wives. In that order.
Sam Kinison - Folks, I've been straight for seventeen days... Not all in a row.
Sam Kinison - It was like going to church, except Ozzy Osbourne was there.
Sam Kinison - I don't worry about terrorism. I was married for two years.
Sam Kinison - Obviously I'm not a role model for impressionable youth.
Sam Levenson - Insanity is hereditary; you get it from your children.
Sam Levenson - Don't watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going.
Sam Levenson - If you die in an elevator, be sure to push the Up button.
Sam Levenson - The simplest toy, one which even the youngest child can operate, is called a grandparent.
Sam Levenson - The reason grandparents and grandchildren get along so well is that they have a common enemy.
Sam Levenson - Lead us not into temptation. Just tell us where it is; we'll find it.
Sam Levenson - Happiness is a by-product. You cannot pursue it by itself.
Sam Levenson - It's so simple to be wise. Just think of something stupid to say and say the opposite.
Sam Levenson - I'm going to stop putting things off, starting tomorrow!
Sam Levenson - Just try to be happy. Unhappiness starts with wanting to be happier.
Sam Shepard - I didn't go out of my way to get into this movie stuff. I think of myself as a writer.
Sam Shepard - I think without writing I would feel completely useless.
Sam Shepard - All of the great writers whom I admire have died. I guess the most recent one would be Marquez.
Sam Shepard - You can't make a living as a playwright. You can barely scrape by.
Sam Shepard - Hollywood is geared toward teenage idiocy.
Sam Shepard - I'm not in demand. I'm all washed up.
Sam Shepard - My old man tried to force on me a notion of what it was to be a 'man.' And it destroyed my dad.
Sam Shepard - I was shot in the wrist when I was a kid. Deliberately.
Sam Shepard - The words I overuse are all adverbs.
Sam Shepard - I am always relaxed.
Sam Walton - We're all working together; that's the secret.
Sam Walton - The way management treats associates is exactly how the associates will treat the customers.
Sam Walton - High expectations are the key to everything.
Sam Walton - Celebrate your successes. Find some humor in your failures.
Sam Walton - Swim upstream. Go the other way. Ignore the conventional wisdom.
Sam Walton - The key to success is to get out into the store and listen to what the associates have to say.
Sam Walton - All of us profit from being corrected - if we're corrected in a positive way.
Sam Walton - I probably have traveled and walked into more variety stores than anybody in America.
Sam Walton - What am I supposed to haul my dogs around in, a Rolls-Royce?
Sam Walton - Capital isn't scarce; vision is.
Samantha Bee - Don't judge me. I made a lot of money.
Samantha Bee - You have to be willing to ask questions that almost no one else would ask.
Samantha Bee - The best part about poker is there's no down side.
Samantha Bee - It's great when you have people who will speak passionately and honestly about what they are doing.
Samantha Bee - I get maximum satisfaction out of buying children's clothes online.
Samantha Bee - I don't think the show would be funny to you if you didn't already have a base of information.
Samantha Bee - I think NASCAR's coming to Canada now so it'll take on a whole new relevance. Be afraid.
Samantha Bee - I think the show does better with newsmakers and politicians than it does with actors.
Samantha Bee - If it wasn't for what goes on in the world of politics, we wouldn't really have much of a show.
Samantha Bee - I learn something in the interviews from time to time.
Samantha Power - Brokenness is the operative issue of our time - broken souls, broken hearts, broken places.
Samantha Power - All advocacy is, at its core, an exercise in empathy.
Samantha Power - Countries that intervene militarily rarely do so out of pure altruism.
Samantha Power - One of the things that a president needs in the face of genocide is resolve.
Samantha Power - I believe the United States is the greatest country on Earth. I really do.
Samantha Power - Foreign policy is an explicitly amoral enterprise.
Samantha Power - I happen to miss the Constitution; I thought it was a good document.
Samantha Power - Serving in the executive branch is very different than sounding off from an academic perch.
Samantha Power - U.N. Security Council resolutions are only as effective as their enforcement.
Samantha Power - My style in diplomacy is my style as a human being - I'm very direct and very honest.
Sammy Davis, Jr. - You always have two choices: your commitment versus your fear.
Sammy Davis, Jr. - The ultimate mystery is one's own self.
Sammy Davis, Jr. - Alcohol gives you infinite patience for stupidity.
Sammy Davis, Jr. - When you lose a lover it's like getting a bad haircut. It grows back in time.
Sammy Davis, Jr. - What have I got? No looks, no money, no education. Just talent.
Sammy Davis, Jr. - Sober up, and you see and hear everything you'd been able to avoid hearing before.
Sammy Davis, Jr. - Reality is never as bad as a nightmare, as the mental tortures we inflict on ourselves.
Sammy Davis, Jr. - I had more clothes than I had closets, more cars than garage space, but no money.
Sammy Davis, Jr. - Everything Michael Jackson does on stage is exactly right.
Sammy Davis, Jr. - I wasn't anything special as a father. But I loved them and they knew it.
Sammy Hagar - Every year on your birthday, you get a chance to start new.
Sammy Hagar - I see couples fighting about the stupidest things. You just have to rise above everything.
Sammy Hagar - The reason my voice is sounding more passionate is because I'm singing directly from the heart.
Sammy Hagar - Sometimes you're afraid to fall in love with a chick, but she sucks you in anyway.
Sammy Hagar - I would like to enlighten people.
Sammy Hagar - When they brought Roth back into the picture, obviously I didn't go along with that too well.
Sammy Hagar - I looked at Mick Jagger and Keith Richards and the boys up there thinking, I want to be that.
Sammy Hagar - I didn't think I'd be around 30 years later.
Sammy Hagar - To stay a great singer or guitar player, you've got to do it 24/7. That's what I do.
Sammy Hagar - I think all the bad blood started when Geffen released a greatest hits package of my solo stuff.
Sammy Sosa - My situation is different from Mark's. I'm not looking for home runs, I'm looking for the playoffs.
Sammy Sosa - Make yourself comfortable in everything you do.
Sammy Sosa - If you have a bad day in baseball, and start thinking about it, you will have 10 more.
Sammy Sosa - I don't want to get fat.
Sammy Sosa - I'm not keeping track, but the record is there for someone to break.
Sammy Sosa - I'm not a racist.
Sammy Sosa - I don't like controversy.
Sammy Sosa - I have not broken the laws of the United States or the laws of the Dominican Republic.
Sammy Sosa - It's always an honor to represent your country.
Sammy Sosa - When you're in the middle of a pennant race, you can't go up there thinking about home runs.
Samuel Beckett - Ever tried. Ever failed. No matter. Try Again. Fail again. Fail better.
Samuel Beckett - Every word is like an unnecessary stain on silence and nothingness.
Samuel Beckett - I can't go on. I'll go on.
Samuel Beckett - There's man all over for you, blaming on his boots the fault of his feet.
Samuel Beckett - To find a form that accommodates the mess, that is the task of the artist now.
Samuel Beckett - If you do not love me I shall not be loved If I do not love you I shall not love.
Samuel Beckett - We are all born mad. Some remain so.
Samuel Beckett - Habit is a great deadener.
Samuel Beckett - In the landscape of extinction, precision is next to godliness.
Samuel Beckett - Words are all we have.
Samuel Butler - Life is like playing a violin solo in public and learning the instrument as one goes on.
Samuel Butler - Neither irony or sarcasm is argument.
Samuel Butler - Logic is like the sword - those who appeal to it, shall perish by it.
Samuel Butler - Most people have never learned that one of the main aims in life is to enjoy it.
Samuel Butler - We shall never get people whose time is money to take much interest in atoms.
Samuel Butler - People are always good company when they are doing what they really enjoy.
Samuel Butler - Life is like music; it must be composed by ear, feeling, and instinct, not by rule.
Samuel Butler - Let us be grateful to the mirror for revealing to us our appearance only.
Samuel Butler - Any fool can tell the truth, but it requires a man of some sense to know how to lie well.
Samuel Butler - Human life is as evanescent as the morning dew or a flash of lightning.
Samuel Goldwyn - If I look confused it is because I am thinking.
Samuel Goldwyn - Give me a smart idiot over a stupid genius any day.
Samuel Goldwyn - I'll take fifty percent efficiency to get one hundred percent loyalty.
Samuel Goldwyn - Let's have some new cliches.
Samuel Goldwyn - I'm willing to admit that I may not always be right, but I am never wrong.
Samuel Goldwyn - I don't think anyone should write their autobiography until after they're dead.
Samuel Goldwyn - A bachelor's life is no life for a single man.
Samuel Goldwyn - I never liked you, and I always will.
Samuel Goldwyn - Any man who goes to a psychiatrist ought to have his head examined.
Samuel Goldwyn - A verbal contract isn't worth the paper it's written on.
Samuel L. Jackson - Not everybody goes to movies to get their life changed.
Samuel L. Jackson - I've been fortunate to be in films that are classic, that are going to be around.
Samuel L. Jackson - I actually think I have an audience member's sensibility about going to the movies.
Samuel L. Jackson - If you have an opportunity to use your voice you should use it.
Samuel L. Jackson - I get paid all day, every day, which is almost too much for a sensitive artist.
Samuel L. Jackson - I did 'Formula 51' because I got to run around Liverpool in a kilt, with golf clubs.
Samuel L. Jackson - I've never been to jail. I've never been arrested. I've never been locked up.
Samuel L. Jackson - I hope Obama gets scary in the next four years, 'cuz he ain't gotta worry about getting re-elected.
Samuel L. Jackson - I love comic books and I love anime.
Samuel L. Jackson - When I'm not working, I like to play golf.
Samuel Smiles - Hope is like the sun, which, as we journey toward it, casts the shadow of our burden behind us.
Samuel Smiles - Enthusiasm... the sustaining power of all great action.
Samuel Smiles - Man cannot aspire if he looked down; if he rise, he must look up.
Samuel Smiles - Work is one of the best educators of practical character.
Samuel Smiles - The spirit of self-help is the root of all genuine growth in the individual.
Samuel Smiles - Life will always be to a large extent what we ourselves make it.
Samuel Smiles - The shortest way to do many things is to do only one thing at once.
Samuel Smiles - Good actions give strength to ourselves and inspire good actions in others.
Samuel Smiles - The reason why so little is done, is generally because so little is attempted.
Samuel Smiles - He who never made a mistake, never made a discovery.
Samuel Taylor Coleridge - Love is flower like; Friendship is like a sheltering tree.
Samuel Taylor Coleridge - The love of a mother is the veil of a softer light between the heart and the heavenly Father.
Samuel Taylor Coleridge - Friendship is a sheltering tree.
Samuel Taylor Coleridge - To sentence a man of true genius, to the drudgery of a school is to put a racehorse on a treadmill.
Samuel Taylor Coleridge - I have seen great intolerance shown in support of tolerance.
Samuel Taylor Coleridge - He is the best physician who is the most ingenious inspirer of hope.
Samuel Taylor Coleridge - No one does anything from a single motive.
Samuel Taylor Coleridge - A mother is a mother still, The holiest thing alive.
Samuel Taylor Coleridge - Swans sing before they die - 'twere no bad thing should certain persons die before they sing.
Samuel Taylor Coleridge - How like herrings and onions our vices are in the morning after we have committed them.
Sandra Bullock - I'm a true believer in karma. You get what you give, whether it's bad or good.
Sandra Bullock - I've lived next door to people all my life. I don't know how cute they think I am.
Sandra Bullock - After a while, you have no idea how old you are because you've lied so many times.
Sandra Bullock - There's something sexy about a gut. Not a 400-pound beer gut, but a little paunch. I love that.
Sandra Bullock - Why is it that when we get older, we get more fearful?
Sandra Bullock - I've done all my tricks. I'm tired of myself.
Sandra Bullock - I think every human being has a level of melancholy in life and in general.
Sandra Bullock - I love raw cookie dough, right out of the tube. The other thing I eat is marshmallow fluff.
Sandra Bullock - Free is the best. Anything free is good.
Sandra Bullock - Does age matter? Time doesn't matter.
Sandra Day O'Connor - I don't know that there are any short cuts to doing a good job.
Sandra Day O'Connor - The fact is, we are a nine-member court that sits on cases.
Sandra Day O'Connor - I need to retire from retirement.
Sandra Day O'Connor - The power I exert on the court depends on the power of my arguments, not on my gender.
Sandra Day O'Connor - We have a complex system of government. You have to teach it to every generation.
Sandra Day O'Connor - The freedom to criticize judges and other public officials is necessary to a vibrant democracy.
Sandra Day O'Connor - Each of us brings to our job, whatever it is, our lifetime of experience and our values.
Sandra Day O'Connor - A moment of silence is not inherently religious.
Sandra Day O'Connor - Having family responsibilities and concerns just has to make you a more understanding person.
Sandra Day O'Connor - I wanted to be a cattle rancher when I was young, because it was what I knew and I loved it.
Sarah Jessica Parker - I don't judge others. I say if you feel good with what you're doing, let your freak flag fly.
Sarah Jessica Parker - A squirrel is just a rat with a cuter outfit!
Sarah Jessica Parker - I developed a really strong work ethic, and I don't take anything for granted.
Sarah Jessica Parker - You can't be friends with a squirrel! A squirrel is just a rat with a cuter outfit.
Sarah Jessica Parker - Follow your instincts and do not let other people's opinion of you become your opinion of yourself.
Sarah Jessica Parker - Men who are too good looking are never good in bed because they never had to be.
Sarah Jessica Parker - I like my money right where I can see it... hanging in my closet.
Sarah Jessica Parker - Every once in awhile, a girl has to indulge herself.
Sarah Jessica Parker - Can you really forgive if you can't forget?
Sarah Jessica Parker - Do we need distance to get close?
Sarah Palin - To win this war, we need a commander in chief, not a professor of law standing at the lectern.
Sarah Palin - The Republican Party would be really smart to absorb as much of the Tea Party movement as possible.
Sarah Palin - My fellow citizens, the American Presidency is not supposed to be a journey of personal discovery.
Sarah Palin - The fact that drilling won't solve every problem is no excuse to do nothing at all.
Sarah Palin - Buck up or stay in the truck.
Sarah Palin - We need independents, we need the GOP, we need Reagan Democrats.
Sarah Palin - When we talk about fighting for our country, we're talking about our vote, our vote is our arms.
Sarah Palin - Polls? Nah... they're for strippers and cross country skiers.
Sarah Palin - Folks, this government isn't too big to fail, it's too big to succeed.
Sarah Palin - Obama's capitalism is a capitalism of connections.
Sarah Silverman - Everyone self-Googles. And, I have, of course, the Google alert.
Sarah Silverman - Some people say my humor focuses too much on stereotypes. It doesn't. It focuses on facts.
Sarah Silverman - I don't set out to offend or shock, but I also don't do anything to avoid it.
Sarah Silverman - I'd love to do drama if it was interesting.
Sarah Silverman - They've got great parents; I'm just trying to be the fun uncle.
Sarah Silverman - Well, I'm not afraid to say something if I think it's funny, even if it's harsh or racist.
Sarah Silverman - I have a ton of Holocaust stuff, and some of it is really hard core.
Sarah Silverman - Smells definitely do have a crazy impact on me.
Sarah Silverman - I still have highs and lows, maybe I don't cry salty tears as much.
Sarah Silverman - I love making videos on my couch. You can put those on the Internet fast. I can express myself.
Satchel Paige - Work like you don't need the money. Love like you've never been hurt. Dance like nobody's watching.
Satchel Paige - Age is a case of mind over matter. If you don't mind, it don't matter.
Satchel Paige - How old would you be if you didn't know how old you are?
Satchel Paige - Ain't no man can avoid being born average, but there ain't no man got to be common.
Satchel Paige - Just take the ball and throw it where you want to. Throw strikes. Home plate don't move.
Satchel Paige - Don't look back. Something might be gaining on you.
Satchel Paige - Don't pray when it rains if you don't pray when the sun shines.
Satchel Paige - I never rush myself. See, they can't start the game without me.
Satchel Paige - My pitching philosophy is simple - keep the ball way from the bat.
Satchel Paige - If your stomach disputes you, lie down and pacify it with cool thoughts.
Satya Nadella - In our business, things look like a failure until they're not. It's pretty binary transitions.
Satya Nadella - Cloud is just emerging, but it's high growth.
Satya Nadella - From Xbox in the previous generation to Xbox One, it's fundamentally transformed.
Satya Nadella - Every opportunity I got, I took it as a learning experience.
Satya Nadella - Everything is going to be connected to cloud and data... All of this will be mediated by software.
Satya Nadella - Businesses and users are going to use technology only if they can trust it.
Satya Nadella - I believe men and women should get equal pay for equal work.
Satya Nadella - If you think you deserve a raise, you should just ask.
Satya Nadella - Iran is a complete Windows country when it comes to the Office automation side.
Satya Nadella - I think we would be dead and gone if we were just mostly failing.
Saul Alinsky - The first step in community organization is community disorganization.
Saul Alinsky - No politician can sit on a hot issue if you make it hot enough.
Saul Alinsky - Power is not only what you have but what the enemy thinks you have.
Saul Alinsky - The greatest enemy of individual freedom is the individual himself.
Saul Alinsky - Tactics mean doing what you can with what you have.
Saul Alinsky - Last guys don't finish nice.
Saul Alinsky - History is a relay of revolutions.
Saul Alinsky - Ridicule is man's most potent weapon.
Saul Alinsky - A tactic that drags on too long becomes a drag.
Saul Alinsky - The threat is usually more terrifying than the thing itself.
Saul Bellow - Everybody needs his memories. They keep the wolf of insignificance from the door.
Saul Bellow - Conquered people tend to be witty.
Saul Bellow - A man is only as good as what he loves.
Saul Bellow - A great deal of intelligence can be invested in ignorance when the need for illusion is deep.
Saul Bellow - Whoever wants to reach a distant goal must take small steps.
Saul Bellow - Goodness is achieved not in a vacuum, but in the company of other men, attended by love.
Saul Bellow - What is art but a way of seeing?
Saul Bellow - When we ask for advice, we are usually looking for an accomplice.
Saul Bellow - You never have to change anything you got up in the middle of the night to write.
Saul Bellow - People can lose their lives in libraries. They ought to be warned.
Scarlett Johansson - I still eat a burger at a counter with ketchup dripping down my face.
Scarlett Johansson - Whenever I'm taking time off, all I'm thinking about is working.
Scarlett Johansson - I've always been very determined, ever since I was a little girl, to make my way.
Scarlett Johansson - I'm not anxious to starve myself. For me, it's not at all sexy to be ultra-thin.
Scarlett Johansson - I believe in finding a soulmate.
Scarlett Johansson - I value my privacy and my personal life - and I certainly don't exploit my personal life.
Scarlett Johansson - It's nice to have a crush on someone. It feels like you're alive, you know?
Scarlett Johansson - I'm happiest when I have something to focus my energy on.
Scarlett Johansson - One of the best things for a woman to hear is that she is sexy.
Scarlett Johansson - There's no such thing as an aura of mystery anymore. It doesn't exist. That's a thing of the past.
Scott Adams - Creativity is allowing yourself to make mistakes. Art is knowing which ones to keep.
Scott Adams - You can never underestimate the stupidity of the general public.
Scott Adams - The only risk of failure is promotion.
Scott Adams - I respectfully decline the invitation to join your hallucination.
Scott Adams - There's nothing more dangerous than a resourceful idiot.
Scott Adams - Every skill you acquire doubles your odds of success.
Scott Adams - Remind people that profit is the difference between revenue and expense. This makes you look smart.
Scott Adams - We must develop knowledge optimization initiatives to leverage our key learnings.
Scott Adams - Let's form proactive synergy restructuring teams.
Scott Adams - If you have any trouble sounding condescending, find a Unix user to show you how it's done.
Scott Speedman - And sex is definitely part of college life.
Scott Speedman - I can't swim at the level I used to. I had to retire because of an injury to my shoulder.
Scott Speedman - If you don't live a normal life, how do you relate to people?
Scott Speedman - I don't see the point in signing on to do something and then leaving.
Scott Speedman - I bought a house in LA, hanging out there and spending a lot of time in Toronto, but not much.
Scott Speedman - And once you cease to be a real person, you stop being a good actor.
Scott Speedman - I mean, I love California, but LA to me is still a strange place.
Scott Speedman - I just would like to spend more time in New York City.
Scott Speedman - There's such good writing now on television and I don't see a lot of great writing on films sadly.
Scott Speedman - I think Canada, our industry is still somewhat based in America's industry.
Seamus Heaney - I've always associated the moment of writing with a moment of lift, of joy, of unexpected reward.
Seamus Heaney - The Ireland I now inhabit is one that these Irish contemporaries have helped to imagine.
Seamus Heaney - If poetry and the arts do anything, they can fortify your inner life, your inwardness.
Seamus Heaney - I have begun to think of life as a series of ripples widening out from an original center.
Seamus Heaney - Even if the hopes you started out with are dashed, hope has to be maintained.
Seamus Heaney - Even if the last move did not succeed, the inner command says move again.
Seamus Heaney - There is risk and truth to yourselves and the world before you.
Seamus Heaney - I credit poetry for making this space-walk possible.
Seamus Heaney - Write whatever you like!
Seamus Heaney - I always believed that whatever had to be written would somehow get itself written.
Sean Bean - Sometimes all you need is a big leap of faith.
Sean Bean - I think that you always have something left, that you take something of the character with you.
Sean Bean - If you have a very good concept of your character, you can snap into it.
Sean Bean - My family thought the fascination with acting was just another fad.
Sean Bean - I love doing just nothing in my free time.
Sean Bean - I like playing guys with swords and the horses and stuff like that.
Sean Bean - George Martin looks like Santa Claus, but he's got a wonderfully disturbed mind.
Sean Bean - If you're going to support a football team, do it 100 per cent.
Sean Bean - I always like to do something different, something unusual, stray off the path a bit.
Sean Bean - When I was younger, I used to watch all the black-and-white 'Dracula's and 'Frankenstein's.
Sean Combs - I can't say that I've fully achieved my dream yet. I'm just starting to evolve.
Sean Combs - It's okay to be crazy, but don't be insane.
Sean Combs - I don't say it in a cocky way, but I take pride in being one of the best at doing what I do.
Sean Combs - Bad Boy Entertainment did not shoot anybody. I didn't shoot anybody.
Sean Combs - It feels like I could go outside with a bikini thong on right now.
Sean Combs - I want to have a cultural impact. I want to be an inspiration, to show people what can be done.
Sean Combs - If you dream and you believe, you can do it.
Sean Combs - I'm glad the truth is out. I'm glad everyone knows I'm innocent, not guilty.
Sean Combs - This whole Puff Daddy thing has taken a toll on me.
Sean Combs - I feel safe in white because deep down inside, I'm an angel.
Sean Connery - There is nothing like a challenge to bring out the best in man.
Sean Connery - There's always a new challenge to keep you motivated.
Sean Connery - I have always hated that damn James Bond. I'd like to kill him.
Sean Connery - Love may not make the world go round, but I must admit that it makes the ride worthwhile.
Sean Connery - I just think the most difficult thing to displace is privilege.
Sean Connery - It's a kind of madness in cosmopolitan cities now.
Sean Connery - To cultivate an English accent is already a departure away from what you are.
Sean Connery - I like women. I don't understand them, but I like them.
Sean Connery - There's one major difference between James Bond and me. He is able to sort out problems!
Sean Connery - More than anything else, I'd like to be an old man with a good face, like Hitchcock or Picasso.
Sean Hannity - Can we pray for the re-election of George Bush?
Sean Hannity - Is it that you hate this president or that you hate America?
Sean Hannity - Why should one U.S. airman give up his life when our national security is not in imminent danger?
Sean Hannity - It doesn't say anywhere in the Constitution this idea of the separation of church and state.
Sean Hannity - See what I have to put up with every night?
Sean Hannity - I hate when people use my tactics against me.
Sean Hannity - My wife does wish I dressed better.
Sean Hannity - I'm at peace with myself because what I talk about is the way I live.
Sean Hannity - So the mayor of New Orleans would have used his own buses had the people had been white?
Sean Hannity - I don't think we should proselytize a particular religion.
Sean Penn - In school, I was a genius of the year preceding the year I was in, every year.
Sean Penn - I can always see light in any situation. It's just the way I'm made.
Sean Penn - That on a romantic level, if you feel it about somebody and it's pure, it means that they do too.
Sean Penn - My favorite thing to do is not act - it's that simple.
Sean Penn - I've never really been one to get what they call stage fright so much.
Sean Penn - Oh, I'm a big-mouth. I said a lot of things.
Sean Penn - Yeah, I had actually tried to stop acting before I made Dead Man Walking.
Sean Penn - I like to believe that love is a reciprocal thing, that it can't really be felt, truly, by one.
Sean Penn - I love acting, truly my favorite people are actors.
Sean Penn - In between, I go broke because I seem to do movies where you're not paid a lot as an actor.
Sebastian Coe - I don't think I am a workaholic. I prefer to keep busy. It is better than the alternative.
Sebastian Coe - All pressure is self-inflicted. It's what you make of it or how you let it rub off on you.
Sebastian Coe - We need to be confident. We need not to blink.
Sebastian Coe - I will go to my grave believing that participation is best driven by the well-stocked shop window.
Sebastian Coe - I don't want to go back into politics - absolutely not.
Sebastian Coe - World records are only borrowed.
Sebastian Coe - Everybody recognises that giving young people competitive outlet through sport is a very good thing.
Sebastian Coe - Football was not what I was put on this planet to do.
Sebastian Coe - I joined the local athletics club when I was 12, that's what I did. I did it of my own volition.
Sebastian Coe - Marathons don't come to you overnight.
Sebastian Vettel - Sometimes you need to press pause to let everything sink in.
Sebastian Vettel - You're traveling all over the world but to be home is something special.
Sebastian Vettel - You can't change what happened. But you can still change what will happen.
Sebastian Vettel - You can't always say what you'd like to say.
Sebastian Vettel - There are a few things that make me angry. Mostly things not going my way.
Sebastian Vettel - Simply racing a Formula 1 car is an achievement.
Sebastian Vettel - Teams like Ferrari, McLaren and Mercedes are going to be very, very motivated to go for the titles.
Sebastian Vettel - If the boat started shaking, we stayed on course and didn't lose focus. That made the difference.
Sebastian Vettel - The track in Abu Dhabi is special; this will be our third Grand Prix there.
Sebastian Vettel - As a driver, your target is always to be with the most competitive team possible.
Selena Gomez - You are who you surround yourself with. I know that's such a cliche quote, but it's true.
Selena Gomez - I believe in second chances, but I don't believe in third or fourth chances.
Selena Gomez - My perfect guy wears converse, is totally laid back, and doesn't worry about being cool.
Selena Gomez - I drive the same car that I've driven since I was 16. That's who I am.
Selena Gomez - I'm a kid, and a breakup is normal. I have to go through the emotions and feel it out.
Selena Gomez - I'm just happy to do projects I'm passionate about.
Selena Gomez - It's not like I've wanted to go out and look for someone. I'm not really good at that.
Selena Gomez - I'm young: I've lived my life in the public eye, and I've had to figure out how to do that.
Selena Gomez - My fans are so important to me, and I would never want to disappoint them.
Selena Gomez - I just try to be the best I can, but I'm human.
Serena Williams - I'm really exciting. I smile a lot, I win a lot, and I'm really sexy.
Serena Williams - Everyone's dream can come true if you just stick to it and work hard.
Serena Williams - If anything, you know, I think losing makes me even more motivated.
Serena Williams - I don't know if I've had my share of drama, but I've definitely had my share of hard times.
Serena Williams - Tennis just a game, family is forever.
Serena Williams - Tennis is my job, but it's not my life.
Serena Williams - I've always been a fighter and I've always fought through things my whole life.
Serena Williams - I am not a robot. I have a heart and I bleed.
Serena Williams - I want to be a giving woman and just a nice person in general.
Serena Williams - I decided I can't pay a person to rewind time, so I may as well get over it.
Seth Rogen - As soon as I realized you could be funny as a job, that was the job I wanted.
Seth Rogen - I love cold weather.
Seth Rogen - You don't have to put dresses in a movie to make girls like it.
Seth Rogen - My high school years were exactly like 'Superbad.'
Seth Rogen - After every single take, I laugh. It's my own awkwardness and discomfort about being an actor.
Seth Rogen - Life, as I see it, is R-rated.
Seth Rogen - My characters come from a good place.
Seth Rogen - I am lazy, but for some reason, I am so paranoid that I end up working hard.
Seth Rogen - I mean, where I come from, 'communism' is not a terrible word.
Seth Rogen - I grew up in Vancouver, man. That's where more than half of my style comes from.
Shah Rukh Khan - Success is not a good teacher, failure makes you humble.
Shah Rukh Khan - I truly believe my job is to make sure people smile.
Shah Rukh Khan - There is no right time and right place for love... it can happen any time.
Shah Rukh Khan - I think love can happen at any age... it has no age.
Shah Rukh Khan - I am like a kid. I tell my family and friends I'm like a kid.
Shah Rukh Khan - Even though I am fantastic looking, I am still quite intelligent.
Shah Rukh Khan - I don't kiss on screen. Period.
Shah Rukh Khan - Success and failure are both part of life. Both are not permanent.
Shah Rukh Khan - I talk to Allah, I pray to him.
Shah Rukh Khan - There's a personal me, there's an actor me and there's a star me.
Shakira - In the full light of day, I don't want to think about the sunset.
Shakira - If I can contribute to people having fun, I would feel very fulfilled as an artist.
Shakira - A good fragrance should have a certain personality that makes people identify the scent with you.
Shakira - Relationships have to have a give and take if they're going to work in the long term.
Shakira - My brain, I believe, is the most beautiful part of my body.
Shakira - I'm more afraid of marriage than death.
Shakira - In this life, to earn your place you have to fight for it.
Shakira - You're a song written by the hands of God.
Shakira - I'm Colombian and nothing will change that.
Shakira - Because of you, I'm running out of reasons to cry.
Shania Twain - Music is a great natural high and a great natural escape.
Shania Twain - Being betrayed is one of the most valuable lessons life can teach.
Shania Twain - Writing is very much a playground - an artistic playground. It's the most fun thing I do.
Shania Twain - I really hope my peers appreciate and respect what I'm doing.
Shania Twain - It's important to give it all you have while you have the chance.
Shania Twain - So many people bare their midriffs, I don't know why mine is such an issue.
Shania Twain - I feel like in a way I'm starting over, with everything.
Shania Twain - I'll always be sad that my marriage ended.
Shania Twain - You don't want to be outside during blackfly season.
Shania Twain - I enjoyed working at McDonald's.
Shaquille O'Neal - I am the number one Ninja and I have killed all the Shoguns in front of me.
Shaquille O'Neal - I want to be strong, dominant. Like Wilt Chamberlain.
Shaquille O'Neal - I guess people think the taller you are the more dominant you have to be.
Shaquille O'Neal - Me shooting 40% at the foul line is just God's way to say nobody's perfect.
Shaquille O'Neal - We want to win. We want to win big. We want to win the whole thing.
Shaquille O'Neal - Someday I might have to put down a basketball and have a regular 9-to-5 like everybody else.
Shaquille O'Neal - One lucky shot deserves another.
Shaquille O'Neal - I started out as a football player. I liked to inflict pain. In basketball, it was the same thing.
Shaquille O'Neal - I average 25 with three guys on me and they are just looking at stats I guess.
Shaquille O'Neal - Being here feels like I'm out of prison. This is the right place, the right time, the right team.
Sharon Salzberg - Voting is the expression of our commitment to ourselves, one another, this country and this world.
Sharon Salzberg - Even on the spiritual path, we have things we'll tend to cover up or be in denial about.
Sharon Salzberg - When you're wide open, the world is a good place.
Sharon Salzberg - We need to redefine community and find a variety of ways of coming together and helping each other.
Sharon Salzberg - Compassion isn't morose; it's something replenishing and opening; that's why it makes us happy.
Sharon Salzberg - Voting is like alchemy - taking an abstract value and breathing life into it.
Sharon Salzberg - What you learn about pain in formal meditation can help you relate to it in your daily life.
Sharon Salzberg - My earliest experiences in meditation were in a context of intensive retreats.
Sharon Salzberg - It is sometimes difficult to view compassion and loving kindness as the strengths they are.
Sharon Salzberg - While you are meditating, if your mind wanders, gently bring it back to the present moment.
Shaun White - Surfers have the most attitude.
Shaun White - I can't stay away from Chinese food. I really love that stuff.
Shaun White - I trip walking down the stairs, but I can skate them probably.
Shaun White - Every time I've had a bad performance at an event, I've come back more determined and focused.
Shaun White - I usually eat a pretty big steak the night before I compete.
Shaun White - I've had dreams about tricks.
Shaun White - I'm not too big on moisturisers and fancy skin products. I keep my grooming regime nice and simple.
Shaun White - Getting into music has changed my personality and way of doing things. I'm far more open now.
Shaun White - I'm on the road a lot so when I get some time to relax I definitely take advantage.
Shaun White - If you think I've got a lot of sponsors, you should see the stuff I turn down.
Shawn Mendes - I'm not the best singer in the world; I'm just good at picking up what I want to sound like.
Shawn Mendes - There's nothing that scares me more than, like, being in the ocean by myself.
Shawn Mendes - I carry around this little lion named Leo, which I've had for as long as I can remember.
Shawn Mendes - People made fun of my skinny legs.
Shawn Mendes - I like funny girls.
Shawn Mendes - I'm all over the place with muffins. Carrots are great. Banana, chocolate chip, they rock, too.
Shawn Mendes - Every time I write a song my approach changes.
Shawn Mendes - I'm a very spontaneous person. When I see something that might be fun or different, I will try it.
Shawn Mendes - I'm always upset about not doing things as good as I think I could have because I care.
Shawn Mendes - I like dancers. I have a thing for girls who dance.
Shay Mitchell - I feel so good after a workout. Any time you can be alone with yourself is really important.
Shay Mitchell - I'm a huge pasta and pizza lover. I can eat those every single day.
Shay Mitchell - American Eagle clothing is stylish, flattering and all about embracing your individuality.
Shay Mitchell - For my prom I really wanted to wear a bright color - something that was going to pop and stand out.
Shay Mitchell - I'm more comfortable in heels than I am in sneakers.
Shay Mitchell - We all have to find beauty within us, as opposed to just our exterior.
Shay Mitchell - I realized that bullying never has to do with you. It's the bully who's insecure.
Shay Mitchell - It's kind of a shock to your skin, changing climates. It's new water, and new air quality.
Shay Mitchell - I'll never turn down a red velvet cupcake.
Shay Mitchell - I hate dieting. Let's just say that.
Shel Silverstein - If you want to find out what a writer or a cartoonist really feels, look at his work. That's enough.
Shel Silverstein - What you've got to say, you say.
Shel Silverstein - If the track is tough and the hill is rough, THINKING you can just ain't enough!
Shel Silverstein - You'd better get your laugh while you're making your point, or you won't be doing it very long.
Shel Silverstein - Never explain what you do. It speaks for itself. You only muddle it by talking about it.
Shel Silverstein - I myself do not believe in explaining anything.
Shel Silverstein - People are always giving you credit for really wanting to say more than you said.
Shel Silverstein - To me, freedom entitles you to do something, not to not do something.
Shel Silverstein - Stand-up comics reflect less of a visual humor and more of a commentary.
Shel Silverstein - There's a great myth about cartoonists, writers and people that are on TV.
Shepard Smith - When I make an error, it's a very bad day in my house.
Shepard Smith - There has to be news at a place called Fox News.
Shepard Smith - I'm a journalist, I run to the fire, that's what we do.
Shepard Smith - We are America; we don't torture. And the moment that is not the case, I want off the train.
Shepard Smith - I take the subway to work. I love mass transportation.
Shepard Smith - We don't communicate in full sentences anyway. We don't need all those words.
Shepard Smith - We have a product for sale called news, and I'm a salesman.
Shepard Smith - I like stories that affect families.
Shepard Smith - I'm fortunate enough not to be poor, and I'm not a bad tipper.
Shepard Smith - Oh, I don't talk about God.
Sheri L. Dew - We are all farmers tending a little part of the Lord's vineyard.
Sheri L. Dew - You cannot have a relationship with someone you can't trust.
Sheri L. Dew - I drove a tractor almost as soon as I could reach the pedals.
Sheri L. Dew - No 11-year-old girl wants to be 5-10. I always felt big and unattractive.
Sheri L. Dew - As sisters in Zion, we can be obstacles to the adversary's conspiracy against families and virtue.
Sheri L. Dew - It is by letting the world go and coming unto Christ that we increasingly live as women of God.
Sheri L. Dew - If you are in a position to influence someone, you are a leader.
Sheri L. Dew - It is easier to motivate people to do something difficult than something easy.
Sheri L. Dew - There isn't anyone who wants to see me married more than I do.
Sheri L. Dew - My whole life, I've felt like I didn't quite measure up.
Sherman Alexie - The dream he needed most was the dream that frightened him more.
Sherman Alexie - You know, people speak in poetry all the time. They just don't realize it.
Sherman Alexie - If I wasn't writing poems I'd be washing my hands all the time.
Sherman Alexie - All I owe the world is my art.
Sherman Alexie - My only purpose is to teach children to rebel against authority figures.
Sherman Alexie - My father was always depressed. When he was home and sober, he was mostly in his room.
Sherman Alexie - My name is Sherman J. Alexie Jr., and I am an insomniac.
Sherman Alexie - I grew up in a storytelling culture, a tribal culture, but also in an American storytelling culture.
Sherman Alexie - What inspires a poem for me is usually a moment.
Sherman Alexie - Spiritual matters should be private.
Sheryl Sandberg - Until women are as ambitious as men, they're not gong to achieve as much as men.
Sheryl Sandberg - If more women are in leadership roles, we'll stop assuming they shouldn't be.
Sheryl Sandberg - I have never worked for a woman, and I have never worked with a lot of women.
Sheryl Sandberg - I would be better at my job if I were technical.
Sheryl Sandberg - When you're more valuable, the people around you will do more to make it work.
Sheryl Sandberg - I go around the room and ask people, 'What do you think?'
Sheryl Sandberg - The No. 1 impediment to women succeeding in the workforce is now in the home.
Sheryl Sandberg - We've got to get women to sit at the table.
Sheryl Sandberg - When I was in high school, I was voted most likely to succeed.
Sheryl Sandberg - I want women to get paid more. I want to teach them to negotiate so they get paid more.
Shia LaBeouf - I am trying to impress myself. I have yet to do it.
Shia LaBeouf - I'm not a strikingly handsome guy, but I'm in movies.
Shia LaBeouf - I can't tell you how many hot dogs I've eaten in my life.
Shia LaBeouf - I have a hard time with free time.
Shia LaBeouf - I'm just selfish. I have to be for what I do.
Shia LaBeouf - There's never been a parent in my life.
Shia LaBeouf - I don't have to live this lavish lifestyle.
Shia LaBeouf - I've spent more on my Dodger tickets that I did on my car.
Shia LaBeouf - Every actor chooses their story at the beginning.
Shia LaBeouf - When golf used to be a rich man's sport, if you were poor you could not step foot on a course.
Shigeru Miyamoto - The obvious objective of video games is to entertain people by surprising them with new experiences.
Shigeru Miyamoto - Video games are bad for you? That's what they said about rock-n-roll.
Shigeru Miyamoto - A delayed game is eventually good, but a rushed game is forever bad.
Shigeru Miyamoto - Players are artists who create their own reality within the game.
Shigeru Miyamoto - To create a new standard, you have to be up for that challenge and really enjoy it.
Shigeru Miyamoto - I wanted to make something very unique, something very different.
Shigeru Miyamoto - What comes next? Super Mario 128? Actually, that's what I want to do.
Shigeru Miyamoto - I try not so much to create new characters and worlds but to create new game-play experiences.
Shigeru Miyamoto - I think everyone can enjoy games.
Shigeru Miyamoto - Japanese people have a funny habit of abbreviating names.
Shimon Peres - Television has made dictatorship impossible but democracy unbearable.
Shimon Peres - I have a brother younger than me. My mother was a librarian, so from her, I got the taste to read.
Shimon Peres - You know when civilization began? With the invention of the mirror.
Shimon Peres - In the Middle East, the conflict today is a matter of generations and not of cultures.
Shimon Peres - For me, dreaming is simply being pragmatic.
Shimon Peres - I learned that public service is a privilege that must be based on moral foundations.
Shimon Peres - Science doesn't have flags. Science doesn't have borders.
Shimon Peres - What you can do with relations is greater than what you can do with guns.
Shimon Peres - There is no alternative to peace. There is no sense to go to war.
Shimon Peres - I never was after money. It never attracted me.
Shirley MacLaine - Don't be afraid to go out on a limb. It's where all the fruit is.
Shirley MacLaine - Fear makes strangers of people who would be friends.
Shirley MacLaine - The more I traveled the more I realized that fear makes strangers of people who should be friends.
Shirley MacLaine - A person who knows how to laugh at himself will never ceased to be amused.
Shirley MacLaine - The best way to get husbands to do something is to suggest that perhaps they are too old to do it.
Shirley MacLaine - The person who knows how to laugh at himself will never cease to be amused.
Shirley MacLaine - For me, the safest place is out on a limb.
Shirley MacLaine - I want women to be liberated and still be able to have a nice ass and shake it.
Shirley MacLaine - I don't do like diva trips and stuff.
Shirley MacLaine - The soul is everlasting, and its learning experience is lifetime after lifetime.
Sholom Aleichem - Life is a dream for the wise, a game for the fool, a comedy for the rich, a tragedy for the poor.
Sholom Aleichem - The rich swell up with pride, the poor from hunger.
Sholom Aleichem - No matter how bad things get you got to go on living, even if it kills you.
Sholom Aleichem - A bachelor is a man who comes to work each morning from a different direction.
Sholom Aleichem - You can take a Jew out of a shtetl, but you cannot take a shtetl out of a Jew.
Sholom Aleichem - Here lies a plain and simple Jew who wrote in plain and simple prose.
Sholom Aleichem - No one knows whom the shoe pinches - no one.
Sholom Aleichem - When the heart is full, the eyes overflow.
Sholom Aleichem - Gossip is nature's telephone.
Sholom Aleichem - Ah, how many luxuries has the good God prepared for his Jewish children.
Sia - Life is pretty surreal and awesome.
Sia - It can be difficult navigating the line between tabloid gossip and authenticity.
Sia - I hope I am a psychotherapist's dream. I've spent enough hours in therapy.
Sia - I'm an advocate of 'it's not what you are, it's who you are.'
Sia - I liked myself much more before I got famous. I was much friendlier and had more energy.
Sia - Fame made me develop a panic disorder.
Sia - I'm sensitive and get easily upset and insulted.
Sia - I get to do what I love and communicate whatever I want.
Sia - In my sobriety, I have discovered that the people I love, and who hurt me, were sick like me.
Sia - 'Titanium' wasn't supposed to be me singing, but they put my demo vocal back on.
Sid Vicious - I've only been in love with a beer bottle and a mirror.
Sid Vicious - I just cash in on the fact that I'm good looking, and I've got a nice figure and girls like me.
Sid Vicious - I got this feeling I'm gonna die before I get old. I don't know why. I just have this feeling.
Sid Vicious - I was the only guy with any bit of anarchy left.
Sid Vicious - I'm not chic, I could never be chic.
Sid Vicious - I'll die before I'm 25, and when I do I'll have lived the way I wanted to.
Sid Vicious - I'm not vicious really. I consider myself to be kindhearted. I love my mum.
Sid Vicious - You can't arrest me, I'm a rockstar.
Sid Vicious - We are better than anyone, ain't we? Except for the Eagles, the Eagles are better than us.
Sid Vicious - You just pick up a chord, go twang, and you're got music.
Sidney Crosby - Individual honors and scoring championships are great, but my No. 1 goal is to win the Stanley Cup.
Sidney Crosby - I try to stay pretty level-headed and just do what I have to do.
Sidney Crosby - I always wanted to be the best and to get the most out of myself.
Sidney Crosby - Growing up in Canada, I didn't watch football much.
Sidney Crosby - Breakaway goals are fun.
Sidney Crosby - I'll be the first one to admit my first couple of years I was pretty hard on the refs.
Sidney Crosby - It's not that hard to stay grounded. It's the way I was brought up.
Sidney Crosby - I want to be the best, so whatever comes with that, I'll have to accept.
Sidney Crosby - I am putting pressure on myself to do my best and perform to my potential.
Sidney Crosby - I don't think you're human if you don't get nervous.
Sidonie Gabrielle Colette - Be happy. It's one way of being wise.
Sidonie Gabrielle Colette - Never touch a butterfly's wing with your finger.
Sidonie Gabrielle Colette - What a wonderful life I've had! I only wish I'd realized it sooner.
Sidonie Gabrielle Colette - A happy childhood is poor preparation for human contacts.
Sidonie Gabrielle Colette - Look for a long time at what pleases you, and a longer time at what pains you.
Sidonie Gabrielle Colette - To a poet, silence is an acceptable response, even a flattering one.
Sidonie Gabrielle Colette - Our perfect companions never have fewer than four feet.
Sidonie Gabrielle Colette - Sincerity is not a spontaneous flower nor is modesty either.
Sidonie Gabrielle Colette - The lovesick, the betrayed, and the jealous all smell alike.
Sidonie Gabrielle Colette - If I can't have too many truffles, I'll do without truffles.
Sienna Miller - As I get older I'm more and more comfortable being alone.
Sienna Miller - I find all that slightly destructive but mad love alluring.
Sienna Miller - I can't wait to be seen as a woman. But I know I probably have to contribute to that with behaviour.
Sienna Miller - I just want to creatively grow and be inspired. I don't want to do anything generic or dumb.
Sienna Miller - I want a big church wedding.
Sienna Miller - I need my food to keep my energy up, so I can't really diet.
Sienna Miller - Human nature is such that monogamy is a really hard thing to achieve.
Sienna Miller - When you have your heart broken for the first time, you gain depth.
Sienna Miller - I do think sometimes people get morally superior without understanding situations.
Sienna Miller - I've had some real hair disasters.
Simon Cowell - People confuse ego, lust, insecurity with true love.
Simon Cowell - Shave off your beard and wear a dress. You would be a great female impersonator.
Simon Cowell - My own saying is: 'Create the hype, but don't ever believe it.'
Simon Cowell - I have always hated celebrities lecturing people on politics.
Simon Cowell - My attitude is, if someone's going to criticize me, tell me to my face.
Simon Cowell - I do a couple of hundred press-ups a day but I haven't been to a gym in years.
Simon Cowell - Most things in music go full circle eventually.
Simon Cowell - If you've got a big mouth and you're controversial, you're going to get attention.
Simon Cowell - If your lifeguard duties were as good as your singing, a lot of people would be drowning.
Simon Cowell - As an actor, I really like Philip Seymour Hoffman. I think he's a genius.
Simon Mainwaring - Social media is not about the exploitation of technology but service to community.
Simon Mainwaring - The keys to brand success are self-definition, transparency, authenticity and accountability.
Simon Mainwaring - Work with your competitors when the interest of the community and planet are at stake.
Simon Mainwaring - It is a truly powerful phenomenon when a brand makes a stand for what it believes in.
Simon Mainwaring - Consumers want a better world, not just better widgets.
Simon Mainwaring - The false separation between living and giving must end.
Simon Mainwaring - Brands must become architects of community.
Simon Mainwaring - Technology is teaching us to be human again.
Simon Mainwaring - Business practices and how we treat the planet are also in desperate need of re-humanization.
Simon Mainwaring - The currency of universal values make brands innately sharable.
Simone de Beauvoir - Change your life today. Don't gamble on the future, act now, without delay.
Simone de Beauvoir - To catch a husband is an art; to hold him is a job.
Simone de Beauvoir - I wish that every human life might be pure transparent freedom.
Simone de Beauvoir - I am incapable of conceiving infinity, and yet I do not accept finity.
Simone de Beauvoir - Society cares for the individual only so far as he is profitable.
Simone de Beauvoir - The most mediocre of males feels himself a demigod as compared with women.
Simone de Beauvoir - One is not born a woman, but becomes one.
Simone de Beauvoir - When an individual is kept in a situation of inferiority, the fact is that he does become inferior.
Simone de Beauvoir - Buying is a profound pleasure.
Simone de Beauvoir - All oppression creates a state of war.
Simone Weil - To be rooted is perhaps the most important and least recognized need of the human soul.
Simone Weil - Humility is attentive patience.
Simone Weil - Every perfect life is a parable invented by God.
Simone Weil - I can, therefore I am.
Simone Weil - Petroleum is a more likely cause of international conflict than wheat.
Simone Weil - Real genius is nothing else but the supernatural virtue of humility in the domain of thought.
Simone Weil - Oppression that is clearly inexorable and invincible does not give rise to revolt but to submission.
Simone Weil - All sins are attempts to fill voids.
Simone Weil - Charity. To love human beings in so far as they are nothing. That is to love them as God does.
Simone Weil - The highest ecstasy is the attention at its fullest.
Sitting Bull - The white man knows how to make everything, but he does not know how to distribute it.
Sitting Bull - Every seed is awakened, and all animal life.
Sitting Bull - Each man is good in His sight. It is not necessary for eagles to be crows.
Sitting Bull - I am here by the will of the Great Spirit, and by his will I am chief.
Sitting Bull - He put in your heart certain wishes and plans; in my heart, he put other different desires.
Sitting Bull - This nation is like a spring freshet; it overruns its banks and destroys all who are in its path.
Sitting Bull - I wish it to be remembered that I was the last man of my tribe to surrender my rifle.
Sitting Bull - It is not necessary for eagles to be crows.
Sitting Bull - In my early days, I was eager to learn and to do things, and therefore I learned quickly.
Sitting Bull - I was very sorry when I found out that your intentions were good and not what I supposed they were.
Slash - Risk isn't a word in my vocabulary. It's my very existence.
Slash - I don't believe in having regrets.
Slash - Guitars are like women. You'll never get them totally right.
Slash - I never want to draw attention to myself, but that's all I do.
Slash - As for Guns N' Roses, I don't think there's ever a chance of a reunion.
Slash - We had a really vast music collection and I was raised around rock'n'roll, it's just the way it was.
Slash - I do consider myself British. I have very strong feelings about my British heritage.
Slash - I'm not overly greedy.
Slash - I always loved rock guitar. I just never put it together that that's what I'd end up doing.
Slash - I'm not ridiculously wealthy, but I don't squander money either.
Sojourner Truth - We do as much, we eat as much, we want as much.
Sojourner Truth - Truth is powerful and it prevails.
Sojourner Truth - It is the mind that makes the body.
Sojourner Truth - I am not going to die, I'm going home like a shooting star.
Sojourner Truth - Religion without humanity is very poor human stuff.
Sojourner Truth - I know and do what is right better than many big men who read.
Sojourner Truth - The rich rob the poor, and the poor rob one another.
Sojourner Truth - When I got religion, I found some work to do to benefit somebody.
Sojourner Truth - Good man! Genuine gentleman! God bless George Thompson, the great-hearted friend of my race.
Sojourner Truth - I tell you I can't read a book, but I can read de people.
Solange Knowles - Dubai's a pretty powerful place.
Solange Knowles - Any decision I make is based on myself, and the only person I have to give an explanation to is God.
Solange Knowles - My blog is actually all self-photography unless it's a photo shoot.
Solange Knowles - When you're younger, you get shoved a lot. You don't really have a say-so.
Solange Knowles - You get educated by traveling.
Solange Knowles - Through style, you can communicate to the world who you are and what you stand for.
Solange Knowles - Motherhood is such an evolving journey.
Solange Knowles - I'm a lot more interested in style than fashion - style is what makes us who we are.
Solange Knowles - I wear short shorts. After 10 years of strenuous ballet, it's the least my legs can do for me.
Solange Knowles - Luckily, I dated all of the losers ages ago. My love life has been stable for a while.
Sonia Sotomayor - I'm young at heart. I'm young in spirit, and I'm still adventurous.
Sonia Sotomayor - The Latina in me is an ember that blazes forever.
Sonia Sotomayor - I don't prejudge issues. I come to every case with an open mind. Every case is new to me.
Sonia Sotomayor - I have never, ever focused on the negative of things. I always look at the positive.
Sonia Sotomayor - Until we get equality in education, we won't have an equal society.
Sonia Sotomayor - I firmly believe in the rule of law as the foundation for all of our basic rights.
Sonia Sotomayor - It's not the heart that compels conclusions in cases, it's the law.
Sonia Sotomayor - We apply law to facts. We don't apply feelings to facts.
Sonia Sotomayor - Personal experiences affect the facts that judges choose to see.
Sonia Sotomayor - I am an ordinary person who has been blessed with extraordinary opportunities and experiences.
Sonny Bill Williams - If you go about trying to please everyone, there's going to be endless struggles.
Sonny Bill Williams - One thing I've learned over my career is that simplicity is the key: on the field, off as well.
Sonny Bill Williams - I guess I've always had a - not really thought of myself as this big star, big identity in the game.
Sonny Bill Williams - I definitely want to play rugby at the top level, international rugby.
Sonny Bill Williams - My parents were always living from pay cheque to pay cheque. They were always struggling.
Sonny Bill Williams - Sometimes they are big hurdles, but good players can overcome them. I am trying to do my best.
Sonny Bill Williams - My biggest challenge for myself is to be the best father I can be and be the best husband I can be.
Sonny Bill Williams - My mindset at this stage, especially after having a daughter... it's just changed my whole outlook.
Sonny Bill Williams - In rugby union, I was out wide kicking stones with the pretty boys.
Sonny Bill Williams - It was a fairly normal happy upbringing. Not a lot of money, but a lot of love.
Sophia Amoruso - The time making money should be greater than the time that you are spending money.
Sophia Amoruso - I learned the hard way that taking shortcuts and living for free is not really living free.
Sophia Amoruso - I had 60,000 friends on MySpace.
Sophia Amoruso - I'm really good at hiring good people.
Sophia Amoruso - Creativity and business acumen don't always go hand in hand.
Sophia Amoruso - Making small talk about what someone is wearing is just another form of unsolicited feedback.
Sophia Amoruso - Don't you dare alter your inner freak.
Sophia Amoruso - You are not a special snowflake.
Sophia Amoruso - I work in silence.
Sophia Amoruso - My parents taught me the value of money and working hard. And I kind of got that in me intuitively.
Sophia Bush - When you realize who the good people are in your life, you're so lucky.
Sophia Bush - Life is too short, and I'm Italian. I'd much rather eat pasta and drink wine than be a size 0.
Sophia Bush - The only two men I have time for are Barack Obama and my trainer.
Sophia Bush - I want to play everything. I really want to do it all.
Sophia Bush - People just deserve to be treated with kindness.
Sophia Bush - Marriage is not about age; it's about finding the right person.
Sophia Bush - Getting wasted is only OK when you're young enough to not know better.
Sophia Bush - Life throws some curveballs at you and you go where it takes you.
Sophia Bush - I get to do what I love every day. I get to crawl into someone else's head and I love that.
Sophia Bush - I love boxing. There's something fierce about using your body's force that way.
Sophia Loren - Beauty is how you feel inside, and it reflects in your eyes. It is not something physical.
Sophia Loren - Spaghetti can be eaten most successfully if you inhale it like a vacuum cleaner.
Sophia Loren - I eat a lot of salad, a little meat, and some fruit. That's all. But I like sweets.
Sophia Loren - Everything you see I owe to spaghetti.
Sophia Loren - Sex appeal is fifty percent what you've got and fifty percent what people think you've got.
Sophia Loren - The two big advantages I had at birth were to have been born wise and to have been born in poverty.
Sophia Loren - I'm a very shy person and I never tried to do theater.
Sophia Loren - Mistakes are part of the dues one pays for a full life.
Sophia Loren - It is a great advantage for a system of philosophy to be substantially true.
Sophia Loren - If you haven't cried, your eyes can't be beautiful.
Sophocles - Children are the anchors that hold a mother to life.
Sophocles - I would prefer even to fail with honor than win by cheating.
Sophocles - Always desire to learn something useful.
Sophocles - Success is dependent on effort.
Sophocles - I see that all of us who live are nothing but images or insubstantial shadow.
Sophocles - Who seeks shall find.
Sophocles - A human being is only breath and shadow.
Sophocles - There is no success without hardship.
Sophocles - Not knowing anything is the sweetest life.
Sophocles - Kindness is ever the begetter of kindness.
Sparky Anderson - Good seasons start with good beginnings.
Sparky Anderson - Me carrying a briefcase is like a hotdog wearing earrings.
Sparky Anderson - Players have two things to do. Play and keep their mouths shut.
Sparky Anderson - Just give me 25 guys on the last year of their contracts; I'll win a pennant every year.
Sparky Anderson - We're the best team in baseball, but not by much.
Sparky Anderson - I only had a high school education and believe me, I had to cheat to get that.
Sparky Anderson - My idea of managing is giving the ball to Tom Seaver and sitting down and watching him work.
Sparky Anderson - The players make the manager, it's never the other way.
Sparky Anderson - I don't want to embarrass any other catcher by comparing him to Johnny Bench.
Sparky Anderson - Success is the person who year after year reaches the highest limits in his field.
Spike Jonze - I'm always inspired by other filmmakers, whether it's a shot or the way they handle tone.
Spike Jonze - Doing a documentary is about discovering, being open, learning, and following curiosity.
Spike Jonze - I'm a little slow, so forgive me if I'm inarticulate.
Spike Jonze - I have a home phone number, and I like it! It's like a throwback already.
Spike Jonze - I'm always amazed when any actor can decipher my direction.
Spike Jonze - We can empathize as deeply as we can empathize.
Spike Jonze - I just want to make whatever is exciting.
Spike Jonze - I definitely enjoy getting to know people I find inspiring.
Spike Jonze - Big emotions that are unexplained are really scary. At least to me.
Spike Jonze - Is artificial intelligence less than our intelligence?
Spike Lee - Everything I do is always scrutinised. But that's all I'll say about that.
Spike Lee - I think it is very important that films make people look at what they've forgotten.
Spike Lee - I live in New York City, the stories of my films take place in New York; I'm a New York filmmaker.
Spike Lee - I think people who have faults are a lot more interesting than people who are perfect.
Spike Lee - A lot of times, we censor ourselves before the censor even gets there.
Spike Lee - A lot of times you get credit for stuff in your movies you didn't intend to be there.
Spike Lee - I don't dictate, you don't dictate to Stevie Wonder, not successfully.
Spike Lee - What's the difference between Hollywood characters and my characters? Mine are real.
Spike Lee - It has been my observation that parents kill more dreams than anybody.
Spike Lee - I'm blessed, I can afford to send my children to private school.
Spike Milligan - Contraceptives should be used on every conceivable occasion.
Spike Milligan - My Father had a profound influence on me. He was a lunatic.
Spike Milligan - Money couldn't buy friends, but you got a better class of enemy.
Spike Milligan - A sure cure for seasickness is to sit under a tree.
Spike Milligan - All I ask is the chance to prove that money can't make me happy.
Spike Milligan - How long was I in the army? Five foot eleven.
Spike Milligan - I can speak Esperanto like a native.
Spike Milligan - I have the body of an eighteen year old. I keep it in the fridge.
Spike Milligan - I shook hands with a friendly Arab. I still have my right arm to prove it.
Spike Milligan - I spent many years laughing at Harry Secombe's singing until somebody told me that it wasn't a joke.
St. Jerome - Good, better, best. Never let it rest. 'Til your good is better and your better is best.
St. Jerome - The face is the mirror of the mind, and eyes without speaking confess the secrets of the heart.
St. Jerome - Marriage is good for those who are afraid to sleep alone at night.
St. Jerome - A friend is long sought, hardly found, and with difficulty kept.
St. Jerome - Why do you not practice what you preach.
St. Jerome - The friendship that can cease has never been real.
St. Jerome - Virginity can be lost by a thought.
St. Jerome - Act as if the maxim of your action were to become through your will a be general natural law.
St. Jerome - True friendship ought never to conceal what it thinks.
St. Jerome - The scars of others should teach us caution.
Stacy London - Your closet needs to be a place of joy and celebration of who are you now - not who you were.
Stacy London - Any item in your wardrobe should satisfy one of two criteria: utility and joy.
Stacy London - Style is joyful if you allow yourself to have joy.
Stacy London - Never let a trend get in the way of creating a great outfit for yourself.
Stacy London - Style can change your look, certainly, but it can also change your life.
Stacy London - Only buy things that make your heart sing. If I don't love it, I won't buy it.
Stacy London - Finding tricks to create flattering body shape is the key to style.
Stacy London - Smart beauty is about looking your best and feeling your best and never overpaying for it.
Stacy London - Less is more. I truly believe in buying a few pieces with better construction.
Stacy London - You can't fit your clothes well and look your best if you don't know what you're working with.
Stan Laurel - If any of you cry at my funeral, I'll never speak to you again!
Stan Laurel - Humor is the truth; wit is an exaggeration of the truth.
Stan Laurel - I had a dream that I was awake and I woke up to find myself asleep.
Stan Laurel - If you had a face like mine, you'd punch me right on the nose, and I'm just the fella to do it.
Stan Laurel - If anyone at my funeral has a long face, I'll never speak to him again.
Stan Laurel - You can lead a horse to water, but a pencil must be led.
Stan Laurel - Another fine mess you've gotten me into.
Stan Laurel - I don't deserve to be mentioned in the same sentence with Charles Chaplin.
Stan Laurel - We had friendly and pleasant relationships with all that worked in our films - many happy memories.
Stan Laurel - My only opinion on the L&H 'home movie' situation - I regret we have no financial interest in them.
Stanislaw Jerzy Lec - You can close your eyes to reality but not to memories.
Stanislaw Jerzy Lec - Youth is the gift of nature, but age is a work of art.
Stanislaw Jerzy Lec - Don't trust the heart, it wants your blood.
Stanislaw Jerzy Lec - No snowflake in an avalanche ever feels responsible.
Stanislaw Jerzy Lec - Value your words. Each one may be the last.
Stanislaw Jerzy Lec - The weakest link in a chain is the strongest because it can break it.
Stanislaw Jerzy Lec - You must first have a lot of patience to learn to have patience.
Stanislaw Jerzy Lec - The window to the world can be covered by a newspaper.
Stanislaw Jerzy Lec - When you jump for joy, beware that no one moves the ground from beneath your feet.
Stanislaw Jerzy Lec - Sometimes something worth doing is worth overdoing.
Stanley Marcus - Consumers are statistics. Customers are people.
Stanley Marcus - If you demand the best, sometimes you get it.
Stanley Marcus - It ought to be self-evident common sense that service is important to sales. But it's not.
Stanley Marcus - I love to sell, to visualize something for someone and make them see it.
Stanley Marcus - Make life exciting, and you live longer.
Stanley Marcus - I'm lucky that I was in retailing during the time that I call the golden age of retailing.
Stanley Marcus - It was at the department store where people got away from provincialism.
Stanley Marcus - There's a right way to sell and a wrong way to sell.
Stanley Marcus - I already own more than any human being needs.
Stanley Marcus - Other than things like toothpaste, I don't buy anything that isn't sold to me.
Stefano Gabbana - I love the Weather Channel because my mood changes a lot according to the weather!
Stefano Gabbana - To me, flowers are happiness.
Stefano Gabbana - In my whole life, I've worn black tie three times. I can't tie the knot myself.
Stefano Gabbana - What the fashion system says and what the fashion customer says are really two different things.
Stefano Gabbana - In life you need to take a risk.
Stefano Gabbana - Fashion is OK for five days, one minute, six months, but style is for the rest of the life.
Stefano Gabbana - Customers are very demanding and well informed.
Stefano Gabbana - I don't have the time to be bored.
Stefano Gabbana - My memories are of denim. I remember being 12 in my Levi's. Wow!
Stefano Gabbana - I'm a man, I'm not just a fashion designer.
Stella Young - The killing of a disabled person is not 'compassionate'. It is not 'euthanasia'. It is murder.
Stella Young - Apologies are great, but they don't really change anything. You know what does? Action.
Stella Young - Disability doesn't make you exceptional, but questioning what you think you know about it does.
Stella Young - If everyone's looking at me, I might as well say something interesting.
Stella Young - I'm a full-time wheelchair user. And yet, given the right circumstances, I am able to work.
Stella Young - I used to think of myself in terms of who I'd be if I didn't have this pesky old disability.
Stella Young - Disability is often framed, in medical terms, as the ultimate disaster and certainly as a deficit.
Stella Young - Death is not treatment, even if it's medically facilitated.
Stella Young - The thing about living with any disability is that you adapt; you do what works for you.
Stella Young - People with disabilities are simply part of diverse communities in the U.S.
Stendhal - Only great minds can afford a simple style.
Stendhal - If you don't love me, it does not matter, anyway I can love for both of us.
Stendhal - The more one pleases everybody, the less one pleases profoundly.
Stendhal - One can acquire everything in solitude except character.
Stendhal - People happy in love have an air of intensity.
Stendhal - What is really beautiful must always be true.
Stendhal - A very small degree of hope is sufficient to cause the birth of love.
Stendhal - All religions are founded on the fear of the many and the cleverness of the few.
Stendhal - God's only excuse is that he does not exist.
Stendhal - Pleasure is often spoiled by describing it.
Stephen Bannon - An elite is someone who's for themselves and not for the country.
Stephen Bannon - I come from a blue-collar, Irish Catholic, pro-Kennedy, pro-union family of Democrats.
Stephen Bannon - Darkness is good. Dick Cheney. Darth Vader. Satan. That's power.
Stephen Bannon - Fear is a good thing. Fear is going to lead you to take action.
Stephen Bannon - I'm a commercial filmmaker.
Stephen Bannon - Trump is a product of a seething populism and nationalism that is the driving political force.
Stephen Bannon - I'm not a white nationalist, I'm a nationalist. I'm an economic nationalist.
Stephen Bannon - Facts get shares; opinions get shrugs.
Stephen Bannon - To be brutally frank, I mean Christianity is dying in Europe, and Islam is on the rise.
Stephen Bannon - I am Thomas Cromwell in the court of the Tudors.
Stephen Colbert - Facts matter not at all. Perception is everything. It's certainty.
Stephen Colbert - I can't prove it, but I can say it.
Stephen Colbert - Shamelessness is a wonderful part of the character.
Stephen Colbert - I don't like books, they're all fact, no heart.
Stephen Colbert - Isn't an agnostic just an atheist without balls?
Stephen Colbert - I just think Rosa Parks was overrated. Last time I checked, she got famous for breaking the law.
Stephen Colbert - There's nothing wrong with being gay. I have plenty of friends who are going to hell.
Stephen Colbert - Status is always ripe for satire, status is always good for comedy.
Stephen Colbert - I'm an actor. I hate to blow everyone's illusions.
Stephen Colbert - If I had free time to go to Los Angeles to shoot a movie, I would rather spend it with my kids.
Stephen Curry - Drinking water is essential to a healthy lifestyle.
Stephen Curry - You can play fast but not in a hurry. As a point guard, I can dictate that.
Stephen Curry - We're going to have to work. We're going to have to play well. Nothing will be given to us.
Stephen Curry - I don't like people looking at someone else's image.
Stephen Curry - I try to make it look easy, but the behind-the-scenes stuff is the challenge.
Stephen Curry - Water is my drink.
Stephen Curry - Control your own destiny! Control your own destiny!
Stephen Curry - It's kind of a weird process being pitched by the company you're already with.
Stephen Curry - Honestly, I could care less about other people's opinions about me.
Stephen Curry - I know what I do for my team and what my teammates expect of me on both ends of the floor.
Stephen Fry - I don't need you to remind me of my age. I have a bladder to do that for me.
Stephen Fry - But happiness is no respecter of persons.
Stephen Fry - Generally, we admire the thing we are not.
Stephen Fry - My parents were marvelously educated people.
Stephen Fry - I think we have all experienced passion that is not in any sense reasonable.
Stephen Fry - I don't believe there is a God. If I were to believe in a god, l would believe in gods.
Stephen Fry - I'm a bit of a coward, and lazy, oddly enough.
Stephen Fry - Old Professors never die, they just lose their faculties.
Stephen Fry - It is a cliche that most cliches are true, but then like most cliches, that cliche is untrue.
Stephen Fry - When you've seen a nude infant doing a backward somersault you know why clothing exists.
Stephen Gardiner - Land is the secure ground of home, the sea is like life, the outside, the unknown.
Stephen Gardiner - Good buildings come from good people, and all problems are solved by good design.
Stephen Gardiner - The frame of the cave leads to the frame of man.
Stephen Gardiner - The mystery is what prompted men to leave caves, to come out of the womb of nature.
Stephen Gardiner - The mandala describes balance. This is so whatever the pictorial form.
Stephen Gardiner - The garden, by design, is concerned with both the interior and the land beyond the garden.
Stephen Gardiner - It was only from an inner calm that man was able to discover and shape calm surroundings.
Stephen Gardiner - In Egypt, the living were subordinate to the dead.
Stephen Gardiner - Houses mean a creation, something new, a shelter freed from the idea of a cave.
Stephen Gardiner - Georgian architecture respected the scale of both the individual and the community.
Stephen Kinzer - Canada, Australia and New Zealand have apologised for their treatment of native peoples.
Stephen Kinzer - Alliances and partnerships produce stability when they reflect realities and interests.
Stephen Kinzer - Countries that control water are likely to be the big winners of the future.
Stephen Kinzer - New media and mobile entertainment are revolutionizing the way people learn about the world.
Stephen Kinzer - Emotion is always the enemy of wise statesmanship.
Stephen Kinzer - Americans overthrew governments only when economic interests coincided with ideological ones.
Stephen Kinzer - After World War II, the winds of nationalism and anti-colonialism blew through the developing world.
Stephen Kinzer - Mexico needs schools, rural development, and an independent judiciary, not high-tech weaponry.
Stephen Kinzer - No authoritarian leader cedes power easily or turns it over to bodies he cannot control.
Stephen Kinzer - Sultan Beyazid considered his father's art collection decadent and ordered it sold at auction.
Stephen Sondheim - Art, in itself, is an attempt to bring order out of chaos.
Stephen Sondheim - A close-up on screen can say all a song can.
Stephen Sondheim - The more restrictions you have, the easier anything is to write.
Stephen Sondheim - The nice thing about doing a crossword puzzle is, you know there is a solution.
Stephen Sondheim - I'm a great audience. I cry very easily. I suspend disbelief in two seconds.
Stephen Sondheim - I prefer neurotic people. I like to hear rumblings beneath the surface.
Stephen Sondheim - Everyone I used to play with has either given up or is dead.
Stephen Sondheim - There's something inimical about the camera and song.
Stephen Sondheim - Math and music are intimately related. Not necessarily on a conscious level, but sure.
Stephen Sondheim - I fell into lyric writing because of music. I backed into it.
Steve Ballmer - We don't have a monopoly. We have market share. There's a difference.
Steve Ballmer - Linux is a cancer that attaches itself in an intellectual property sense to everything it touches.
Steve Ballmer - I have never, honestly, thrown a chair in my life.
Steve Ballmer - Great companies in the way they work, start with great leaders.
Steve Ballmer - We will make our products work out of the box.
Steve Ballmer - I think Amazon is a place where people don't want to work.
Steve Ballmer - The NBA has made it clear they want fan bases to be able to keep their teams.
Steve Ballmer - There's no chance that the iPhone is going to get any significant market share.
Steve Ballmer - If we see an opportunity in the software/hardware seam, we're going to take it.
Steve Ballmer - Our company has to be a company that enables its people.
Steve Blank - The stock market clearly values companies that can deliver disruptive innovation.
Steve Blank - As an entrepreneur, my problem was that I had too many ideas.
Steve Blank - Describing something as the 'Woodstock of...' has taken to mean a one-of-a-kind historic gathering.
Steve Blank - In winning companies, everybody pulls in the same direction.
Steve Blank - The business model is both the starting point and the scorecard for Customer Development progress.
Steve Blank - On Day One, a start-up is a faith-based initiative built on guesses.
Steve Blank - Founders, presuming they know their customers, assume they know all the features customers need.
Steve Blank - Part of Customer Development is understanding which customers make sense for your business.
Steve Blank - At 19, I joined the Air Force during the Vietnam War.
Steve Blank - Commencement Day has a sobering finality in that it's the end of the prescribed path.
Steve Buscemi - I didn't think I'd ever be able to do movies. That was for serious actors.
Steve Buscemi - It doesn't matter what part I play, I try and commit myself 100 percent.
Steve Buscemi - It doesn't matter so much where the material comes from, as long as it's good.
Steve Buscemi - It wasn't until my senior year in high school that I started acting.
Steve Buscemi - They're not supposed to show prison films in prison. Especially ones that are about escaping.
Steve Buscemi - It doesn't matter to me what the genre is.
Steve Buscemi - I usually get freaked out if I'm in a situation where a lot of people recognise me at once.
Steve Buscemi - I always find that it's when a script is not detailed, then I have to do more work as an actor.
Steve Buscemi - I like telling stories about people with problems. I can't really put it much simpler than that.
Steve Buscemi - To me, it doesn't really matter how big the part is as long as the part is important to the story.
Steve Carell - Nothing to me feels as good as laughing incredibly hard.
Steve Carell - In my wildest dreams I never thought - well, I never thought I'd work.
Steve Carell - Taste in comedy, like fashion, changes all the time.
Steve Carell - Everyone is flawed and everyone makes mistakes and is culpable.
Steve Carell - You know, what's funny to one person is not at all to someone else.
Steve Carell - What kind of person would have a real craving for gummy worms?
Steve Carell - Steve Buscemi is hilarious. He's really, really good with improv.
Steve Carell - Maybe the coolest people are the ones who don't care about being cool.
Steve Carell - Being a leading man... that's like saying, 'I want to be astronaut.' That's not going to happen.
Steve Carell - It was kind of like they were just giving us a toy to play with, to do whatever we wanted with.
Steve Harvey - I'm not a doctor. I just have a tremendous amount of common sense.
Steve Harvey - The problem is, women have stopped setting the bar high.
Steve Harvey - I'm not really a relationship expert but... I'm an expert on manhood and what men think.
Steve Harvey - You can't go forward and backwards at the same time.
Steve Harvey - You've got to be in a bad relationship to really understand what a great one is.
Steve Harvey - There's a lot more to me than just funny.
Steve Harvey - Other than my foundation - mentoring programs - everything I do is for money.
Steve Harvey - I'm not a relationship expert. I'm an expert on manhood.
Steve Harvey - My father instilled in me to take care of my family. Show up even when you don't want to show up.
Steve Harvey - God has positioned me just this way to be just like I am, to say what I say how I say it.
Steve Irwin - The first crocodile I ever caught was at nine years of age, and it was a rescue.
Steve Irwin - No, snakes are no problem. I'd go to any country, anywhere, any snakes, not a problem.
Steve Irwin - I believe sustainable use is the greatest propaganda in wildlife conservation at the moment.
Steve Irwin - Crikey means gee whiz, wow!
Steve Irwin - Yeah, I'm a thrill seeker, but crikey, education's the most important thing.
Steve Irwin - Where I live if someone gives you a hug it's from the heart.
Steve Irwin - Every cent we earn from Crocodile Hunter goes straight back into conservation. Every single cent.
Steve Irwin - My field is with apex predators, hence your crocodiles, your snakes, your spiders.
Steve Irwin - Yeah, I think it's an absolute disaster that Australia, the government, allowed kangaroo culling.
Steve Irwin - I'm a proud Australian, a very, very proud Australian.
Steve Lacy - Saxophone is one thing, and music is another.
Steve Lacy - The soprano turned out to sound to me like the right hand on the piano.
Steve Lacy - You can work on the saxophone alone, but ultimately you must perform with others.
Steve Lacy - Bamboo is not a weed, it's a flowering plant. Bamboo is a magnificent plant.
Steve Lacy - I still love the whole history of jazz. The old things sound better than ever.
Steve Lacy - I think it is in collaboration that the nature of art is revealed.
Steve Lacy - Circumstances can be very important. Find the right people to work with.
Steve Lacy - The potential for the saxophone is unlimited.
Steve Lacy - I was spoiled by Monk's music because it was so good, so complete.
Steve Lacy - It starts with a single sound. If there's something in that sound, then it's worth continuing.
Steve Martin - A day without sunshine is like, you know, night.
Steve Martin - Love is a promise delivered already broken.
Steve Martin - You want to be a bit compulsive in your art or craft or whatever you do.
Steve Martin - Talking about music is like dancing about architecture.
Steve Martin - I believe that sex is one of the most beautiful, natural, wholesome things that money can buy.
Steve Martin - Don't have sex man. It leads to kissing and pretty soon you have to start talking to them.
Steve Martin - Chaos in the midst of chaos isn't funny, but chaos in the midst of order is.
Steve Martin - I like a woman with a head on her shoulders. I hate necks.
Steve Martin - What is comedy? Comedy is the art of making people laugh without making them puke.
Steve Martin - Well, excuuuuuse me!
Steve Prefontaine - To give anything less than your best, is to sacrifice the gift.
Steve Prefontaine - Somebody may beat me, but they are going to have to bleed to do it.
Steve Prefontaine - No one will ever win a 5,000-meter by running an easy two miles. Not against me.
Steve Prefontaine - Something inside of me just said 'Hey, wait a minute, I want to beat him,' and I just took off.
Steve Prefontaine - What I want is to be number one.
Steve Prefontaine - Nobody likes tainted victories.
Steve Prefontaine - You probably choose x-country because you were too small to play football.
Steve Prefontaine - To hell with love of country - I compete for myself.
Steve Prefontaine - I'm the one who has made all the sacrifices. Those are my American records, not the country's.
Steve Prefontaine - Did you ever run behind a slow pack? You get a trailing wind and a lot of body odor.
Steve Scalise - Never give up on something you believe in.
Steve Scalise - If you don't agree, present what you think is a better way.
Steve Scalise - No oyster in the world tastes as good as a Gulf oyster.
Steve Scalise - Next to the Bible, I think the Constitution is the most important document ever written.
Steve Scalise - If Republicans are going in the wrong direction, I am still willing to stand up against them.
Steve Scalise - When building a strong team, you need a strong leader.
Steve Scalise - I've always been a conservative first.
Steve Scalise - Ultimately, what we want to do is see the president follow the laws.
Steve Scalise - We're going to try to solve problems for everyday people.
Steve Scalise - We need to pass conservative policy. And we can only advance our values when we are united.
Steve Wozniak - All the best people in life seem to like LINUX.
Steve Wozniak - A lot of hacking is playing with other people, you know, getting them to do strange things.
Steve Wozniak - Atari is a very sad story.
Steve Wozniak - Wherever smart people work, doors are unlocked.
Steve Wozniak - Never trust a computer you can't throw out a window.
Steve Wozniak - After the Apple II was introduced, then came the Commodore and the Tandy TRS-80.
Steve Wozniak - In the end, I hope there's a little note somewhere that says I designed a good computer.
Steve Wozniak - Everything we did we were setting the tone for the world.
Steve Wozniak - My whole life had been designing computers I could never build.
Steve Wozniak - Creative things have to sell to get acknowledged as such.
Steve Wynn - Casino gambling is colorful and dramatic and theatrical.
Steve Wynn - If I complain about a traffic jam, I have no one to blame but myself.
Steve Wynn - Money doesn't make people happy. People make people happy.
Steve Wynn - Keep it simple. Tell the truth. People can smell the truth.
Steve Wynn - I am a self-made brat.
Steve Wynn - I've changed my will to show my concern for animal rights.
Steve Wynn - Nobody likes being around poor people, especially poor people.
Steve Wynn - I'm not a daredevil. I don't fly without a safety net.
Steve Wynn - Anyone can make things that are beautiful; we need to make things that are remarkable.
Steve Wynn - Washington is unpredictable these days.
Steven Pinker - If anything, Powerpoint, if used well, would ideally reflect the way we think.
Steven Pinker - Personality and socialization aren't the same thing.
Steven Pinker - Many artists and scholars have pointed out that ultimately art depends on human nature.
Steven Pinker - In any dispute, each side thinks it's in the right and the other side is demons.
Steven Pinker - I like ice hockey. No one is ever going to ask me to write about that as a metaphor for life.
Steven Pinker - You wouldn't believe the kind of hate mail I get about my work on irregular verbs.
Steven Pinker - Societies that empower women are less violent in every way.
Steven Pinker - We are visual creatures. Visual things stay put, whereas sounds fade.
Steven Pinker - All our behaviours are a result of neurophysiological activity in the brain.
Steven Pinker - Most intellectuals today have a phobia of any explanation of the mind that invokes genetics.
Steven Seagal - It is a lot harder now to be a police officer than what it used to be.
Steven Seagal - I have no fear of death. More important, I don't fear life.
Steven Seagal - I am hoping that I can be known as a great writer and actor some day, rather than a sex symbol.
Steven Seagal - Any great warrior is also a scholar, and a poet, and an artist.
Steven Seagal - My CIA godfather told me he'd never heard any American speak Japanese so well.
Steven Seagal - I love getting out on the streets and helping people.
Steven Seagal - My people are my people. They love me and I love them. I would not be here without them.
Steven Seagal - I myself am a very nonviolent person and only resort to violence when I absolutely have to.
Steven Seagal - Criminals usually prey on weakness. They can smell it.
Steven Seagal - I always hated being a child. I always felt like an adult trapped in a child's body.
Steven Spielberg - There is a fine line between censorship and good taste and moral responsibility.
Steven Spielberg - Even though I get older, what I do never gets old, and that's what I think keeps me hungry.
Steven Spielberg - Every time I go to a movie, it's magic, no matter what the movie's about.
Steven Spielberg - You shouldn't dream your film, you should make it!
Steven Spielberg - I dream for a living.
Steven Spielberg - The Internet has been this miraculous conduit to the undeniable truth to the Holocaust.
Steven Spielberg - Why pay a dollar for a bookmark? Why not use the dollar for a bookmark?
Steven Spielberg - I am an American Jew and aware of the sensitivities involved in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict.
Steven Spielberg - When I grow up, I still want to be a director.
Steven Spielberg - I like the smell of film. I just like knowing there's film going through the camera.
Steven Tyler - I grew up with the smell of the lake and the feeling of the woods.
Steven Tyler - Maybe life is random, but I doubt it.
Steven Tyler - Every life has a measure of sorrow, and sometimes this is what awakens us.
Steven Tyler - The things that come to those that wait may be the things left by those that got there first.
Steven Tyler - Guitar players never listen to lead singers.
Steven Tyler - If it is worth doing, it is worth overdoing.
Steven Tyler - It was very difficult for me to be the only lyricist in the band.
Steven Tyler - I had gotten one of the first Korg synthesizers with 300 presets.
Steven Tyler - Fake it until you make it.
Steven Tyler - I have to get inspired by something that touches my soul, or rocks my soul.
Steven Van Zandt - I'm a real band guy, you know? I'm really good at certain things, and the band stuff is one of them.
Steven Van Zandt - Reach for greatness, nothing less. And make sure you have some fun along the way.
Steven Van Zandt - I was obsessed with politics in the '80s. I've recovered and I'm feeling much better now, thank you.
Steven Van Zandt - Let the wealthier countries and corporations of the world fund an Emergency Organization.
Steven Van Zandt - I've always considered the government taking one out of every two dollars I earn absolute tyranny.
Steven Van Zandt - Timing really is nearly everything. And what it isn't, circumstance makes up for.
Steven Van Zandt - Young fans want to know about the past and older fans also want to find new music.
Steven Van Zandt - You can trace the E Street Band directly back to the Rascals.
Steven Van Zandt - Once Johnny Cash and Waylon Jennings are not cool on country radio, it's time for a new format.
Steven Van Zandt - Life should never be boring.
Stevie Nicks - If you see somebody running down the street naked every single day, you stop looking up.
Stevie Nicks - Right now I'm not involved with anybody, but I hope by 75 I will be again.
Stevie Nicks - I was not going to be a stupid girl singer. I was going to be way more than that.
Stevie Nicks - By the time I was five, I was a little diva.
Stevie Nicks - He and I were about as compatible as a rat and a boa constrictor.
Stevie Nicks - Being able to take care of myself is something that my mom really instilled in me.
Stevie Nicks - The day before my 16th birthday I got my guitar.
Stevie Nicks - I had Botox and I hated it. For four long months, I looked like a different person.
Stevie Nicks - Prince and I were just friends. I think he would have been happy to have had a relationship.
Stevie Nicks - I don't really like to be filmed.
Stevie Wonder - Time is long but life is short.
Stevie Wonder - If you don't ask, you don't get.
Stevie Wonder - Just because a man lacks the use of his eyes doesn't mean he lacks vision.
Stevie Wonder - Ability may get you to the top, but it takes character to keep you there.
Stevie Wonder - Minds ripen at very different ages.
Stevie Wonder - Ya gots to work with what you gots to work with.
Stevie Wonder - You can't base your life on other people's expectations.
Stevie Wonder - Eyes lie if you ever look into them for the character of the person.
Stevie Wonder - Let us come together before we're annihilated.
Stevie Wonder - Of course I read Braille, yes.
Stewart Udall - We have, I fear, confused power with greatness.
Stewart Udall - Plans to protect air and water, wilderness and wildlife are in fact plans to protect man.
Stewart Udall - There's not a single person in Arizona today who would say the Grand Canyon was a mistake.
Stewart Udall - Mining is like a search-and-destroy mission.
Stewart Udall - Nuclear energy people perceive the greenhouse effect as a fresh wind blowing at their back.
Stewart Udall - Wilderness, like the national park system, was an American idea.
Stewart Udall - Nature will take precedence over the needs of the modern man.
Stewart Udall - Washington's a cesspool of money.
Stewart Udall - Nixon was a good president on the environment. Gerald Ford was good.
Stewart Udall - Utah today remains a battleground for land-use policies.
Stokely Carmichael - There is a higher law than the law of government. That's the law of conscience.
Stokely Carmichael - A man is born free.
Stokely Carmichael - I usually say I did the best I could with what I had. I have no major regrets.
Stokely Carmichael - The knowledge I have now is not the knowledge I had then.
Stokely Carmichael - The masses don't shed their blood for the benefit of a few individuals.
Stokely Carmichael - The secret of life is to have no fear; it's the only way to function.
Stokely Carmichael - Our grandfathers had to run, run, run. My generation's out of breath. We ain't running no more.
Stokely Carmichael - The first need of a free people is to define their own terms.
Stokely Carmichael - Before a group can enter the open society, it must first close ranks.
Stokely Carmichael - Capitalism is a stupid system, a backward system.
Stormzy - Even if you don't like me, you know me because I'm just in your face.
Stormzy - My approach is just fearless. I'm not afraid to try anything.
Stormzy - I read so many books when I was a kid that I didn't even know were shaping me up.
Stormzy - I'm a bit crazy, so sometimes I just get these mad ideas that, on paper, aren't even possible.
Stormzy - Engineering was the safe and sensible choice, but music was what I loved and wanted to do.
Stormzy - Most middle-aged white men probably don't know about little old Stormzy from London.
Stormzy - Our parents don't always know what's right. It's a new age.
Stormzy - It was my dream to come to Oxford and study political science.
Stormzy - I just feel like there is nothing I cannot do.
Stormzy - It's mad to think I was just a kid from south London, rapping in parks with friends.
Sue Monk Kidd - People who think dying is the worst thing don't know a thing about life.
Sue Monk Kidd - I think there must be a place inside of us where dreams go and wait their turn.
Sue Monk Kidd - I'm always captivated by stories of women who find a way to be daring - misbehaving women.
Sue Monk Kidd - I don't go in search of ideas; I try to let them find me.
Sue Monk Kidd - I like to have a title before I start writing.
Sue Monk Kidd - With pencil, you can always erase.
Sue Monk Kidd - Unraveling external selves and coming home to our real identity is the true meaning of soul work.
Sue Monk Kidd - I'm a big believer in the way ritual can put us in connection with our spirituality.
Sue Monk Kidd - I prefer to read print books. Maybe I'm just a little old-school. I do read e-books.
Sue Monk Kidd - When I wrote 'The Secret Life of Bees,' I was writing about civil rights.
Sugar Ray Leonard - We're all given some sort of skill in life. Mine just happens to be beating up on people.
Sugar Ray Leonard - Holyfield is nothing but class, and I think he's a breath of fresh air for the sport.
Sugar Ray Leonard - It's hard to talk about yourself.
Sugar Ray Leonard - When I turned pro, Muhammad Ali was laying back, and I was able to fill up an area that was empty.
Sugar Ray Leonard - I was painfully initiated into boxing, because the guys I fought were a lot bigger than me.
Sugar Ray Leonard - Boxing was the only career where I wouldn't have to start out at the bottom. I had a good resume.
Sugar Ray Leonard - They say that I'm stubborn, and my wife says that, too, but it's paid off so far.
Sugar Ray Leonard - Before I fight, I always pray that no one gets hurt.
Sugar Ray Leonard - Within our dreams and aspirations we find our opportunities.
Sugar Ray Leonard - I wanted to be like Bruce Jenner.
Sun Ra - I'm not a minister, I'm not a philosopher, I'm not a politician, I'm in another category.
Sun Ra - Music is a language, you see, a universal language.
Sun Ra - Today's symphonic music is sponsored by the upper structures of society.
Sun Ra - A prophet is not without honor except in his own country among his own people.
Sun Ra - People have set that up as a standard, not to recognize a prophet in his own country.
Sun Ra - Not too many people in America know about me, but all of Europe knows about me.
Sun Ra - I'm playing dark history. It's beyond black. I'm dealing with the dark things of the cosmos.
Sun Ra - What I'm dealing with is so vast and great that it can't be called the truth. It's above the truth.
Sun Ra - I see people as they really are from a pure point of view.
Sun Ra - I am a musician, but I'm another type of musician.
Susan B. Anthony - She who succeeds in gaining the mastery of the bicycle will gain the mastery of life.
Susan B. Anthony - There never will be complete equality until women themselves help to make laws and elect lawmakers.
Susan B. Anthony - The day may be approaching when the whole world will recognize woman as the equal of man.
Susan B. Anthony - No man is good enough to govern any woman without her consent.
Susan B. Anthony - Independence is happiness.
Susan B. Anthony - Men, their rights, and nothing more; women, their rights, and nothing less.
Susan B. Anthony - Organize, agitate, educate, must be our war cry.
Susan B. Anthony - No self-respecting woman should wish or work for the success of a party who ignores her sex.
Susan B. Anthony - For every betrayed woman, there is always the betrayer, man.
Susan B. Anthony - Suffrage is the pivotal right.
Susan George - If you cut down a forest, it doesn't matter how many sawmills you have if there are no more trees.
Susan George - The World Bank is now the biggest culprit in the debt crisis.
Susan George - The Sierra Club in the United States has now really come out for population control and reduction.
Susan George - What's immediately profitable is the only kind of logic that capitalism understands.
Susan George - Only around 2% of the earth's surface is cultivatable land.
Susan George - Subsidize... or lend.
Susan George - As the rich consume more and more, they are clearly not going to want to downgrade their own status.
Susan George - There are a lot of people who don't contribute anything to consumption and production.
Susan George - If the economy becomes disembodied from society it can only lead to disaster.
Susan George - It seems to be the thing now that young people are getting back into politics.
Susan Sontag - Travel becomes a strategy for accumulating photographs.
Susan Sontag - The only interesting answers are those that destroy the questions.
Susan Sontag - The camera makes everyone a tourist in other people's reality, and eventually in one's own.
Susan Sontag - What we need is to use what we have.
Susan Sontag - I was not looking for my dreams to interpret my life, but rather for my life to interpret my dreams.
Susan Sontag - Sanity is a cozy lie.
Susan Sontag - Lying is the most simple form of self-defence.
Susan Sontag - Interpretation is the revenge of the intellectual upon art.
Susan Sontag - The becoming of man is the history of the exhaustion of his possibilities.
Susan Sontag - Life is not significant details, illuminated by a flash, fixed forever. Photographs are.
Suze Orman - When you are grateful - when you can see what you have - you unlock blessings to flow in your life.
Suze Orman - People have got to learn: if they don't have cookies in the cookie jar, they can't eat cookies.
Suze Orman - Many people are in the dark when it comes to money, and I'm going to turn on the lights.
Suze Orman - Give to yourself as much as you give of yourself! This means you have to put yourself first.
Suze Orman - Owning a home is a keystone of wealth - both financial affluence and emotional security.
Suze Orman - If you have debt I'm willing to bet that general clutter is a problem for you too.
Suze Orman - Opposites may attract, but I wouldn't put my money on a relationship of financial opposites.
Suze Orman - If you're going down the street and you're going the wrong way, remember - God permits U-turns.
Suze Orman - Never cosign a loan. Once you have cosigned, you cannot get out of it - even on your deathbed.
Suze Orman - Private student loans should be avoided at all costs.
Swami Sivananda - Put your heart, mind, and soul into even your smallest acts. This is the secret of success.
Swami Sivananda - Your duty is to treat everybody with love as a manifestation of the Lord.
Swami Sivananda - Today is your own. Tomorrow perchance may never come.
Swami Sivananda - Do not love leisure. Waste not a minute. Be bold. Realize the Truth, here and now!
Swami Sivananda - Crave for a thing, you will get it. Renounce the craving, the object will follow you by itself.
Swami Sivananda - It is divinity that shapes, not only your ends, but also your acts, your words and thoughts.
Swami Sivananda - Practice meditation regularly. Meditation leads to eternal bliss. Therefore meditate, meditate.
Swami Sivananda - God is all-full. He is self-contained. He is eternal satisfaction.
Swami Sivananda - Thinking of disease constantly will intensify it. Feel always 'I am healthily in body and mind'.
Swami Sivananda - Meditation is painful in the beginning but it bestows immortal Bliss and supreme joy in the end.
Syd Barrett - I'm disappearing, avoiding most things.
Syd Barrett - Fairy-tales are nice.
Syd Barrett - Have you seen the roses? There's a whole lot of colours.
Syd Barrett - I do tend to take lines from other lines I like, and then write around them.
Syd Barrett - I don't really read a lot. Maybe I should.
Syd Barrett - I like songs that are simple.
Syd Barrett - I never felt so close to a guitar as that silver one with mirrors that I used on stage all the time.
Syd Barrett - I think young people should have a lot of fun. But I never seem to have any.
Syd Barrett - I wasn't always this introverted.
Syd Barrett - I'm full of dust and guitars.
Sydney J. Harris - The time to relax is when you don't have time for it.
Sydney J. Harris - The whole purpose of education is to turn mirrors into windows.
Sydney J. Harris - When I hear somebody say 'Life is hard', I am always tempted to ask 'Compared to what?'
Sydney J. Harris - If a small thing has the power to make you angry, does that not indicate something about your size?
Sydney J. Harris - Happiness is a direction, not a place.
Sydney J. Harris - There's no point in burying a hatchet if you're going to put up a marker on the site.
Sydney J. Harris - Sometimes the best, and only effective, way to kill an idea is to put it into practice.
Sydney J. Harris - When I hear somebody sigh, 'Life is hard,' I am always tempted to ask, 'Compared to what?'
Sydney J. Harris - A winner rebukes and forgives; a loser is too timid to rebuke and too petty to forgive.
Sydney J. Harris - Knowledge fills a large brain; it merely inflates a small one.
Sylvester Stallone - I believe any success in life is made by going into an area with a blind, furious optimism.
Sylvester Stallone - Usually whenever you're scared of something, do it. If you're not afraid of it, don't do it.
Sylvester Stallone - Clothing is the first step to building a character.
Sylvester Stallone - In the movies, I kill guys with an axe. In real life, I can't control a nine-year-old girl.
Sylvester Stallone - If bad decorating was a hanging offense, there'd be bodies hanging from every tree!
Sylvester Stallone - If you express yourself too much, you're considered weak.
Sylvester Stallone - Playing polo is like trying to play golf during an earthquake.
Sylvester Stallone - I know I'm incredibly unpredictable, and that's the only thing I'm sure of.
Sylvester Stallone - I have great expectations for the future, because the past was highly overrated.
Sylvester Stallone - You've got to show your soul otherwise you're just a piece of equipment.
Sylvia Earle - No water, no life. No blue, no green.
Sylvia Earle - Every time I slip into the ocean, it's like going home.
Sylvia Earle - We need to respect the oceans and take care of them as if our lives depended on it. Because they do.
Sylvia Earle - Health to the ocean means health for us.
Sylvia Earle - I personally have stopped eating seafood.
Sylvia Earle - Everyone has power. But it doesn't help if you don't use it.
Sylvia Earle - I find the lure of the unknown irresistible.
Sylvia Earle - I've always said, 'Underwater or on top, men and women are compatible.'
Sylvia Earle - We have become frighteningly effective at altering nature.
Sylvia Earle - Ice ages have come and gone. Coral reefs have persisted.
T-Pain - People think a Muslim has to have a turban or a big beard. It's stupid.
T-Pain - Once people tell me I can't do stuff, I'm going to go and make it happen.
T-Pain - I love vintage cars because you can do so much more to them.
T-Pain - I'm a fan of Jay-Z, I'mma always be a fan of Jay-Z.
T-Pain - We must all learn to adjust with our surroundings.
T-Pain - 'Nappy' is a state of mind, not an appearance.
T-Pain - I don't do the whole, 'Put my name on it, make me famous' thing.
T-Pain - Doing voice-over work is something that I love to do, and it is a lot of fun at the same time.
T-Pain - I'm still a person, a human being, no matter what religion I am.
T-Pain - I'm pretty much in love with 'Adult Swim.'
T. Boone Pickens - I say, you work eight hours, and you sleep eight hours - be sure they're not the same eight hours.
T. Boone Pickens - I think I have more patience now than I did in the past.
T. Boone Pickens - The cheapest natural gas in the world is in the United States.
T. Boone Pickens - On a scale from 1-10, my ambition is probably 11 or 12.
T. Boone Pickens - If somebody I don't like gets in the crosshairs, I pull the trigger. But I don't hunt for them.
T. Boone Pickens - Fundamentals make the market.
T. Boone Pickens - I always saw myself as a large stockholder trying to make a difference. I wasn't raiding anybody.
T. Boone Pickens - Work eight hours and sleep eight hours and make sure that they are not the same hours.
T. Boone Pickens - If you don't have a refinery operating, it's hard to use oil that's available.
T. Boone Pickens - If you can provide the funding and you get the leadership, you'll have a competitive team.
T. C. Boyle - Life is tragic and absurd, and none of it has any purpose at all.
T. C. Boyle - This is the beauty of fiction. We may not like these characters, but we inhabit them.
T. C. Boyle - I'm enslaved to writing to the point where I sacrifice almost everything else.
T. C. Boyle - As humans, we all want our own island. Of course, the truth is, we're never going to get it.
T. C. Boyle - I love performing in front of an audience. I like the questions; I like controversy.
T. C. Boyle - Sometimes, we find common ground; more often, we don't.
T. C. Boyle - You want, as an artist, to be pushing yourself to do what you haven't done before.
T. C. Boyle - I really like the power of stopping the laughter and turning it to horror.
T. C. Boyle - I've always written about heroes and wondered who they are.
T. C. Boyle - What is your identity, and how do you know who you are if you don't have language?
T. J. Miller - There's sketch, improv, writing, acting, music, and badminton. Those are the seven forms of comedy.
T. J. Miller - I don't sit and write stand-up material; I come up with an idea onstage.
T. J. Miller - Life is hard. Not great. Kind of tragic.
T. J. Miller - I have perfectly symmetrical ankles.
T. J. Miller - I laugh at absurdity hardest, then stories, then observations, then bearded men on roller skates.
T. J. Miller - I do like the idea of being an auteur in the sense of writing and being in your own stuff.
T. J. Miller - Everybody asks me what it was like to be in my underwear for my network television debut.
T. J. Miller - I drink a fair amount of ramen noodles.
T. J. Miller - I don't know how much the economy has changed since Jonathan Swift's 'A Modest Proposal.'
T. J. Miller - It is good to connect to someone who reminds you that you have some real authenticity.
T.I. - I'm going to always rise above the doubt that may exist about me.
T.I. - It goes without saying that it's hard to attain a certain level of success.
T.I. - Danger is ever-present in life, more for some than others.
T.I. - I, myself, I am not interested in reality television; just me, myself, speaking.
T.I. - Nobody is gonna love you like you. You're gonna be your best salesman.
T.I. - Everyone has something to sell. The greatest thing you can ever sell is an idea or talent.
T.I. - I've learned that one thing about my life that is certain is trouble.
T.I. - I'm an honest, open father.
T.I. - My father passed away in 2002, but yes, we were pretty close. I loved him a lot.
T.I. - I love BET and I love the fans.
Ta-Nehisi Coates - I do understand how hate eats at the soul and how to purge yourself of hate.
Ta-Nehisi Coates - We are all losers in comparison to Malala Yousafzai. But we are not all geniuses. Like me.
Ta-Nehisi Coates - I love America the way I love my family - I was born into it. And there's no escape out of it.
Ta-Nehisi Coates - The country in which reparations actually happen is a very different one than the one we live in.
Ta-Nehisi Coates - I'm not going to break up my family, not for a book.
Ta-Nehisi Coates - You can oppose reparations all you want, but you got to know the facts. You really, really do.
Ta-Nehisi Coates - My dad always associated information with liberation. He was very much in that Malcolm X tradition.
Ta-Nehisi Coates - I was born in West Baltimore, lived in a situation in which violence was everywhere.
Ta-Nehisi Coates - Racism is a physical experience.
Ta-Nehisi Coates - It's kind of selfish to say that you're only going to fight for a victory that you will live to see.
Tacitus - When men are full of envy they disparage everything, whether it be good or bad.
Tacitus - When the state is most corrupt, then the laws are most multiplied.
Tacitus - Old things are always in good repute, present things in disfavor.
Tacitus - The more corrupt the state, the more numerous the laws.
Tacitus - Truth is confirmed by inspection and delay; falsehood by haste and uncertainty.
Tacitus - A desire to resist oppression is implanted in the nature of man.
Tacitus - To show resentment at a reproach is to acknowledge that one may have deserved it.
Tacitus - Reason and judgment are the qualities of a leader.
Tacitus - It belongs to human nature to hate those you have injured.
Tacitus - Victor and vanquished never unite in substantial agreement.
Tadao Ando - There is a role and function for beauty in our time.
Tadao Ando - I believe that the way people live can be directed a little by architecture.
Tadao Ando - I would like my architecture to inspire people to use their own resources, to move into the future.
Tadao Ando - If you give people nothingness, they can ponder what can be achieved from that nothingness.
Tadao Ando - My hand is the extension of the thinking process - the creative process.
Tadao Ando - The speed of change makes you wonder what will become of architecture.
Tadao Ando - When I draw something, the brain and the hands work together.
Tadao Ando - In Japan, there is less a culture of preserving old buildings than in Europe.
Tadao Ando - All architecture has a public nature, I believe, so I would like to make a public space.
Tadao Ando - If there is only one culture all over the world, that's not a good thing.
Taj Mahal - I didn't want to fall into the trap of complacency.
Taj Mahal - My parents grew up during the Harlem renaissance.
Taj Mahal - I pretty much move around wherever I like.
Taj Mahal - I'm always cracking up when I hear what people think I should be doing.
Taj Mahal - I'm doing exactly what I always wanted to do, and I still like what I can do musically.
Taj Mahal - My music is really fun music, with some pan-African and pan-American influences.
Taj Mahal - Particularly with the blues, it's not just about bad times. It's about the healing spirit.
Taj Mahal - Music is like the soul of the planet.
Taj Mahal - What the future of the planet and music and art and all of it is sharing; it's diversity.
Taj Mahal - I wanted to explore the connections between different kinds of music.
Talib Kweli - Skip the religion and politics, head straight to the compassion. Everything else is a distraction.
Talib Kweli - Hip-hop isn't as complex as a woman is.
Talib Kweli - I will never do a record without some sense of responsibility.
Talib Kweli - Woman are complex creatures.
Talib Kweli - I think hip hop is a dance music that's rebellious by nature.
Talib Kweli - That's what hip-hop is: It's sociology and English put to a beat, you know.
Talib Kweli - If I'm performing with a DJ, it's all on me to draw the energy. I like the camaraderie of a band.
Talib Kweli - Things are fluid in this world, and if you don't remain fluid, you get lost in the sauce.
Talib Kweli - And you know, art as commerce, doesn't really make too much sense, they don't go together.
Talib Kweli - But it becomes disrespectful when the artist's process is not respected.
Tallulah Bankhead - If I had to live my life again, I'd make the same mistakes, only sooner.
Tallulah Bankhead - I'd rather be strongly wrong than weakly right.
Tallulah Bankhead - My heart is as pure as the driven slush.
Tallulah Bankhead - It's the good girls who keep diaries; the bad girls never have the time.
Tallulah Bankhead - I read Shakespeare and the Bible, and I can shoot dice. That's what I call a liberal education.
Tallulah Bankhead - Nobody can be exactly like me. Even I have trouble doing it.
Tallulah Bankhead - Only good girls keep diaries. Bad girls don't have time.
Tallulah Bankhead - If you really want to help the American theater, don't be an actress, dahling. Be an audience.
Tallulah Bankhead - Acting is a form of confession.
Tallulah Bankhead - There is less in this than meets the eye.
Tamara Ecclestone - As a woman, I believe you have to embrace your body, and feel beautiful both inside and out.
Tamara Ecclestone - Id rather have a fake smile than a nasty stare.
Tamara Ecclestone - My boyfriend thinks it's crazy that I wear a different bikini every day on holiday.
Tamara Ecclestone - On my foot it says, 'The best is yet to come,' and that's there because I really believe it.
Tamara Ecclestone - Not every woman has time to go to a salon and have her hair blow-dried every day.
Tamara Ecclestone - When you are rich, people try to take advantage of you.
Tamara Ecclestone - Everyone has a past, and the downside to my life is that the past gets dragged up.
Tamara Ecclestone - Before mobile phones, I used to call my parents from a phone box and reverse the charges.
Tamara Ecclestone - Formula One has been the backdrop of my life.
Tamara Ecclestone - My parents are opposites who balance each other out.
Tamara Tunie - I'm Irish on St. Patrick's Day. I'm Italian on Columbus Day. I'm a New Yorker every day.
Tamara Tunie - I believe that you can always learn from observation.
Tamara Tunie - I've been in this business a long time, and I'm very clear on what is real and what is fleeting.
Tamara Tunie - I always watch the work I do.
Tamara Tunie - Chuck Cooper is a friend, and I adore him. He can do so many things.
Tamara Tunie - I am always happy to use my song and dance training.
Tamara Tunie - I want to play Eva Peron. I've already done a lot of Shakespeare, but I'd like to do Lady Macbeth.
Tamara Tunie - I've always come into a show when the show was already up and running.
Tamara Tunie - I have Native American blood. I have African blood. I have European blood.
Tamara Tunie - I grew up in a funeral home. Both my parents were morticians.
Tammy Duckworth - I spent a lot of time between bars like this.
Tammy Duckworth - I shouldn't even be here, so if I'm here, I better do something good.
Tammy Duckworth - The power of the ADA is that it ended up changing my life long before I ever imagined it would.
Tammy Duckworth - The ADA allows persons with disabilities the opportunity to participate in the world around them.
Tammy Duckworth - My arm bones looked like chicken bones.
Tammy Duckworth - If I still had my legs, I would be in line for a battalion command, and instead, I'm flying a desk.
Tammy Duckworth - Running for Senate is a very involved process.
Tammy Duckworth - I don't ever want to be sad about my life.
Tammy Duckworth - I always wanted to be an ambassador.
Tammy Duckworth - I'd do anything to help veterans.
Taraji P. Henson - At the end of the day, I stand by who I am. I'm a good person.
Taraji P. Henson - Once you're a mom, always a mom. It's like riding a bike, you never forget.
Taraji P. Henson - Love is the greatest gift that God has given us. It's free.
Taraji P. Henson - I'm always the cousin that can't make it to the family functions because I'm busy.
Taraji P. Henson - I just like when I work with people that are professional and good.
Taraji P. Henson - I feel like we all have our skeletons.
Taraji P. Henson - I'm always interested in challenging myself and pushing and seeing how far I can go.
Taraji P. Henson - I'm really silly. That's the thing that people don't get.
Taraji P. Henson - I'm a creative person, so I have to stay busy.
Taraji P. Henson - I'm nothing without God.
Tariq Ramadan - Times have changed; so must the lenses through which we see the political future.
Tariq Ramadan - The rich stick together; the poor and the marginalised are thrown together.
Tariq Ramadan - Ramadan is, in its essence, a month of humanist spirituality.
Tariq Ramadan - The process of reclaiming the self is one of reconciliation with meaning.
Tariq Ramadan - Clarity and consistency are not enough: the quest for truth requires humility and effort.
Tariq Ramadan - Lack of consistency is a weakness shared by all nations.
Tariq Ramadan - I want to be an activist professor.
Tariq Ramadan - In its haste to bolster nationalism, in its obsession with security, Europe is losing its soul.
Tariq Ramadan - Every country in Europe needs immigrants for its economic survival.
Tariq Ramadan - Political rhetoric leads only to confusion.
Tatiana Maslany - Trust your gut. You know yourself, so don't let somebody else tell you who you are.
Tatiana Maslany - How you go about moving within the world you live in says so much about who you are.
Tatiana Maslany - There's something about music that makes me feel like a different person, that feels like an escape.
Tatiana Maslany - Sex isn't hard, but intimacy is terrifying.
Tatiana Maslany - I'm a huge 'Futurama' fan, so that's my closest sci-fi tendency.
Tatiana Maslany - I love hip-hop; I love Sleigh Bells. I also love classical music and musical theater.
Tatiana Maslany - It's always been my dream to just continually do really cool indie movies - character-driven stuff.
Tatiana Maslany - I think being idle is quite hard for me to do.
Tatiana Maslany - The way people love sci-fi is how I love cartoons.
Tatiana Maslany - I fell in love with 'Star Trek' after J. J. Abrams's movie. I'm so into that.
Tavi Gevinson - I think that everybody wants to be heard, and the easiest way to be the loudest is to be the hater.
Tavi Gevinson - The idea that feeling confident and feeling misunderstood are mutually exclusive really bugs me.
Tavi Gevinson - Half of my closet is Barbie clothes - PVC skirts, cropped fuzzy sweaters, and velvet minis.
Tavi Gevinson - I think it'd be great to own a fun concept store with my friends and just sell books and records.
Tavi Gevinson - Oh God, I'm awful at sports. In gym I just try and avoid getting hit in the face.
Tavi Gevinson - One thing that I always liked about fashion was that it was tied in with music and art and film.
Tavi Gevinson - I try not to do anything I don't like, so I stay motivated pretty easily.
Tavi Gevinson - You like the style of the people you like because it reflects something inside them.
Tavi Gevinson - I would like to write a movie and, if it wasn't too crazy, also direct.
Tavi Gevinson - I love 'First Wives Club' and 'Death Becomes Her' and movies about women like that.
Taya Kyle - I've learned that when God promises beauty through the ashes, He means it.
Taya Kyle - I think it's a mistake to miss out on joy just because you have pain.
Taya Kyle - In your darkest moments of despair, a friend's hand on yours will get you through the worst.
Taya Kyle - You like to be independent, but you will need to learn to ask for help. It doesn't make you weak.
Taya Kyle - The only way to defeat evil is by taking advantage of our freedoms.
Taya Kyle - I'm not a fan of people romanticizing their loved ones in death.
Taya Kyle - I don't move away from grief, rather through it.
Taya Kyle - There's a consequence for everything, and that goes back to the Bible for me.
Taya Kyle - I have learned in my life that my plans don't matter. It's God's plan.
Taya Kyle - You can forgive somebody and still believe they need a consequence.
Taylor Lautner - I'm not the biggest motorcycle fan - they're cool and a lot of fun, but they're scary as well!
Taylor Lautner - You've got to keep your eye on the prize and do what you love to do.
Taylor Lautner - I love to have fun and goof around and be silly, so anybody who can also do that is good for me.
Taylor Lautner - I am that weirdo that chooses the difficult route down the side of the street.
Taylor Lautner - 'Braveheart' is way up there for me.
Taylor Lautner - I'm a big fan of all those singing competition shows.
Taylor Lautner - I do love traveling, so I've been able to travel a lot.
Taylor Lautner - If you constantly pound your muscles, they'll never have time to repair.
Taylor Lautner - I got the famous Oprah hug!
Taylor Lautner - There's no ex out there who I'm not friends with today, and I'm extremely thankful for that.
Taylor Schilling - Be yourself. You're okay. And it really doesn't matter what other people think.
Taylor Schilling - I'm really into Greek yogurt, fruit and almonds. Those are my 'go-to' snacks.
Taylor Schilling - Coffee makes me go crazy.
Taylor Schilling - I don't know my armpit from my elbow in Los Angeles.
Taylor Schilling - Whatever it is that I am working on is what I become obsessed with.
Taylor Schilling - I'm the girl who will show up in jeans no matter what - but the jeans can get fancier and fancier.
Taylor Schilling - I don't do detoxes or cleanses; they don't really work for me.
Taylor Schilling - I like to do yoga, Pilates, dance, and things like that.
Taylor Schilling - 'The Notebook' is one of my favorite love stories.
Taylor Schilling - I don't have a connection to the fashion world at all.
Ted Cruz - My touchstone for every question is the Constitution.
Ted Cruz - It took Jimmy Carter to give us Ronald Reagan.
Ted Cruz - What Obamacare does is decreases choices and drives up cost.
Ted Cruz - I was bitten by an octopus.
Ted Cruz - If you hate the Jewish people, you are not reflecting the teachings of Christ.
Ted Cruz - I've spent the past month in Washington, D.C., and it is terrific to be back in America.
Ted Cruz - In both law and politics, I think the essential battle is the meta-battle of framing the narrative.
Ted Cruz - I'm not serving in office because I desperately needed 99 new friends in the U.S. Senate.
Ted Cruz - The power of the American people, when we rise up and stand for liberty, knows no bounds.
Ted Cruz - It's tragic from how far we've come from 'Hope and Change'.
Ted Nugent - Vegetarians are cool. All I eat are vegetarians - except for the occasional mountain lion steak.
Ted Nugent - I surround myself with positive, productive people of good will and decency.
Ted Nugent - If there is one thing I am, it's always right.
Ted Nugent - I hump the wild to take it all in, there is no bag limit on happiness.
Ted Nugent - I'm the gun guy, a loud guitar Dirty Harry with a ponytail.
Ted Nugent - I have self-actualized. Pardon me whilst I adjust my glowing halo.
Ted Nugent - Use your lives wisely, my friends, and conserve these precious freedoms for future generations.
Ted Nugent - Without question Gibson guitars are the finest, most revered guitars on the planet.
Ted Nugent - At 62, I remain clean and sober and my ponytail remains erect.
Ted Nugent - Hopping the fence or wading the Rio Grande River isn't part of America's immigration process.
Ted Sarandos - The typical output deal from a studio is 10 to 14 movies a year.
Ted Sarandos - I love, personally, the experience of going to the theater, going to the cinema.
Ted Sarandos - We're closer to HBO than we are to the entire grid of cable on demand.
Ted Sarandos - I don't want to kill windowing; I want to restore choice and options.
Ted Sarandos - There's no such thing as 'too much TV,' unless we're all spending more and not watching more.
Ted Sarandos - Adam Sandler is a remarkable movie brand.
Ted Sarandos - I don't think on-demand brings anything extra to sports.
Ted Sarandos - 'Orange Is the New Black' and 'Sense8' have enjoyed great success all over the world.
Ted Sarandos - We are anxious and open to all forms of doing business in China.
Ted Sarandos - I don't know that on-demand sports is remarkably better than live sports.
Ted Turner - You can never quit. Winners never quit, and quitters never win.
Ted Turner - I know what I'm having 'em put on my tombstone: 'I have nothing more to say'.
Ted Turner - My son is now an 'entrepreneur.' That's what you're called when you don't have a job.
Ted Turner - Sports is like a war without the killing.
Ted Turner - Just because your ratings are bigger doesn't mean you're better.
Ted Turner - All my life people have said that I wasn't going to make it.
Ted Turner - If I only had a little humility, I'd be perfect.
Ted Turner - I didn't get here for my acting... but I love show business.
Ted Turner - There's nothing wrong with being fired.
Ted Turner - Life is a game. Money is how we keep score.
Ted Williams - If you don't think too good, don't think too much.
Ted Williams - If there was ever a man born to be a hitter it was me.
Ted Williams - All managers are losers, they are the most expendable pieces of furniture on the face of the Earth.
Ted Williams - By the time you know what to do, you're too old to do it.
Ted Williams - Hitting is fifty percent above the shoulders.
Ted Williams - If I was being paid thirty-thousand dollars a year, the very least I could do was hit .400.
Ted Williams - I've found that you don't need to wear a necktie if you can hit.
Ted Williams - They invented the All-Star game for Willie Mays.
Ted Williams - God gets you to the plate, but once your there your on your own.
Ted Williams - You have to hit the fastball to play in the big leagues.
Teller - I'm more apt to cry at something beautiful than at something sad.
Teller - Nothing fools you better than the lie you tell yourself.
Teller - Doing beautiful things is its own reward.
Teller - Magicians have done controlled testing in human perception for thousands of years.
Teller - Magic's about understanding - and then manipulating - how viewers digest the sensory information.
Teller - When a magician lets you notice something on your own, his lie becomes impenetrable.
Teller - People take reality for granted.
Teller - Reality seems so simple. We just open our eyes and there it is. But that doesn't mean it is simple.
Teller - Onstage, I find absolutely nothing but exhilaration in not talking.
Teller - Magic is an art form where you lie and tell people you are lying.
Temple Grandin - I cannot emphasize enough the importance of a good teacher.
Temple Grandin - I'm a visual thinker, not a language-based thinker. My brain is like Google Images.
Temple Grandin - Some teachers just have a knack for working with autistic children. Other teachers do not have it.
Temple Grandin - I know a number of autistic adults that are doing extremely well on Prozac.
Temple Grandin - When I was younger, I was looking for this magic meaning of life.
Temple Grandin - I am also a believer in an integrated treatment approach to autism.
Temple Grandin - Autism is an extremely variable disorder.
Temple Grandin - I obtain great satisfaction out of using my intellect.
Temple Grandin - If I did not have my work, I would not have any life.
Temple Grandin - Autism is part of who I am.
Tennessee Williams - The only thing worse than a liar is a liar that's also a hypocrite!
Tennessee Williams - In memory everything seems to happen to music.
Tennessee Williams - I can't stand a naked light bulb, any more than I can a rude remark or a vulgar action.
Tennessee Williams - When so many are lonely as seem to be lonely, it would be inexcusably selfish to be lonely alone.
Tennessee Williams - Why did I write? Because I found life unsatisfactory.
Tennessee Williams - All of us are guinea pigs in the laboratory of God. Humanity is just a work in progress.
Tennessee Williams - To be free is to have achieved your life.
Tennessee Williams - We're all of us guinea pigs in the laboratory of God. Humanity is just a work in progress.
Tennessee Williams - We have to distrust each other. It is our only defense against betrayal.
Tennessee Williams - For time is the longest distance between two places.
Terence - They are so knowing, that they know nothing.
Terence - You believe that easily which you hope for earnestly.
Terence - What harsh judges fathers are to all young men!
Terence - In fact nothing is said that has not been said before.
Terence - I am a human being; nothing human can be alien to me.
Terence - Too much liberty corrupts us all.
Terence - Where there's life, there's hope.
Terence - You can take a chance with any man who pays his bills on time.
Terence - You're a wise person if you can easily direct your attention to what ever needs it.
Terence - To touch a sore is to renew one's grief.
Teri Garr - Take a step back, evaluate what is important, and enjoy life.
Teri Garr - I thought, 'If I can't be prom queen, I can dance 'Les Sylphide.'
Teri Garr - I've always been this insane. Isn't that interesting?
Teri Garr - I have been off the motorcycles for about 20 years now, but that doesn't mean I can't still do it.
Teri Garr - With this disease it is so easy to throw in the towel, and that is the worst thing we can do.
Teri Garr - If you get a diagnosis, get on a therapy, keep a good attitude and keep your sense of humor.
Teri Garr - You have to lift your head up out of the mud and just do it.
Teri Garr - I have an enormous fondness for delicious food. It's very comforting.
Teri Garr - God is in all - I believe in God, yes. And I believe God is in us.
Teri Garr - I try to laugh as much as possible and enjoy the company of people who can make me laugh.
Terry Eagleton - Evil is often supposed to be without rhyme or reason.
Terry Eagleton - Today, nostalgia is almost as unacceptable as racism.
Terry Eagleton - Deconstruction insists not that truth is illusory but that it is institutional.
Terry Eagleton - For Aristotle, goodness is a kind of prospering in the precarious affair of being human.
Terry Eagleton - The past can be used to renew the present, not just to bury it.
Terry Eagleton - Postmodernism is among other things a sick joke at the expense of revolutionary avant-gardism.
Terry Eagleton - Nothing in human life is inherently private.
Terry Eagleton - The frontier between public and private shifts from time to time and culture to culture.
Terry Eagleton - It is true that too much belief can be bad for your health.
Terry Eagleton - Americans use the word 'dream' as often as psychoanalysts do.
Terry Pratchett - In ancient times cats were worshipped as gods; they have not forgotten this.
Terry Pratchett - The pen is mightier than the sword if the sword is very short, and the pen is very sharp.
Terry Pratchett - Sometimes it is better to light a flamethrower than curse the darkness.
Terry Pratchett - This isn't life in the fast lane, it's life in the oncoming traffic.
Terry Pratchett - Only in our dreams are we free. The rest of the time we need wages.
Terry Pratchett - Five exclamation marks, the sure sign of an insane mind.
Terry Pratchett - Taxation is just a sophisticated way of demanding money with menaces.
Terry Pratchett - Writing is the most fun you can have by yourself.
Terry Pratchett - Opera happens because a large number of things amazingly fail to go wrong.
Terry Pratchett - Freedom without limits is just a word.
Terry Wogan - Nobody really knows what they look like. The mirror shows you only what you want to see.
Terry Wogan - Time flies like an arrow - but fruit flies like a banana.
Terry Wogan - I'm not big on the pasty because they say the pastry in the pasty can bring on indigestion.
Terry Wogan - I'm so proud to do it - there's nothing else I do that compares to 'Children in Need.'
Terry Wogan - I have to say, without getting up on a soapbox, I find these reality shows absolutely disgusting.
Terry Wogan - Television contracts the imagination and radio expands it.
Terry Wogan - I've always been the kind of person who leaves parties early to catch the last bus home.
Terry Wogan - I'm on the university board in Limerick, so I visit the city often.
Terry Wogan - I have a happy temperament: a bit like 'Rebecca of Sunnybrook Farm.'
Terry Wogan - I speak some French, Spanish, a little German and Gaelic.
Thalia - Since I was little, I've had that vision of a businesswoman inside me.
Thalia - I've always been able to transform happiness and pain and sorrow and tears into positive energy.
Thalia - Everybody has their own story; everybody has their own journey.
Thalia - Friendship is something that is cultivated.
Thalia - You are the only one who can create an incredible world around you, or destroy yourself.
Thalia - I'm a very strong woman.
Thalia - Kmart appreciates and supports exclusive brands.
Thalia - Music has no limits, borders or ages.
Thalia - I was born a woman, but I have a man's soul.
Thalia - All I want to do now is to pamper myself and to be peppered with people who I love.
The Notorious B.I.G. - I hold grudges, but I can't hate nobody; that's not my nature.
The Notorious B.I.G. - Every true hustler knows that you cannot hustle forever. You will go to jail eventually.
The Notorious B.I.G. - Growing up in the streets of Bed-Stuy, it was hard, yo.
The Notorious B.I.G. - The second time I went to jail, I was like, 'Okay, this is not the move.'
The Notorious B.I.G. - I'm making music for the people. If y'all love the music, y'all gonna buy the music.
The Notorious B.I.G. - You gotta mature, you know.
The Notorious B.I.G. - I can't even say Puff and me are like brothers, 'cause we closer than that.
The Notorious B.I.G. - I can't never stop nobody, can't knock nobody hustle.
The Notorious B.I.G. - '96 is the year of love. We all need to pull together.
The Notorious B.I.G. - My real life helped me sell a lot of records.
The Weeknd - I make good music for long journeys.
The Weeknd - I'm the most boring person to talk to.
The Weeknd - In the beginning, I was very insecure. I hated how I looked in pictures.
The Weeknd - When people meet me, they say that I'm really kind - contrary to a lot of my music.
The Weeknd - I want to be remembered as iconic and different.
The Weeknd - I mean... in life... what relationship is easy?
The Weeknd - I don't think I'd ever apologise for music I make, no.
The Weeknd - The Internet, man, is a beautiful thing.
The Weeknd - 'Eastern Promises' is great.
The Weeknd - Image, lyrics, content, storytelling, cohesive body of work - that's Prince to me.
Theodor Adorno - Freedom would be not to choose between black and white but to abjure such prescribed choices.
Theodor Adorno - Work while you work, play while you play - this is a basic rule of repressive self-discipline.
Theodor Adorno - The poor are prevented from thinking by the discipline of others, the rich by their own.
Theodor Adorno - The task of art today is to bring chaos into order.
Theodor Adorno - Love you will find only where you may show yourself weak without provoking strength.
Theodor Adorno - Love is the power to see similarity in the dissimilar.
Theodor Adorno - There is no love that is not an echo.
Theodor Adorno - The gods look in pleasure on penitent sinners.
Theodor Adorno - Life has become the ideology of its own absence.
Theodor Adorno - None of the abstract concepts comes closer to fulfilled utopia than that of eternal peace.
Theophilus London - Shopping at any level is a bit of therapy for my medulla oblongata.
Theophilus London - I connect to SpongeBob in a way; like, that's the homie. He can chill on the corner with me.
Theophilus London - While my cousins were gang-banging, I was trying to learn what the Internet was about.
Theophilus London - Believe in yourself and believe in magic.
Theophilus London - To me, my brand is luxury, it's art, it's women, it's raw, it's urban.
Theophilus London - Creating the album 'VIBES' has been the biggest life lesson I have ever learned.
Theophilus London - Go to American Apparel; they have all of the colors of socks.
Theophilus London - I always imagined how cool it would be to be the face of a Gap campaign!
Theophilus London - Some people have style without even knowing it!
Theophilus London - I believe your atmosphere and your surroundings create a mind state for you.
Theresa May - In tough times, everyone has to take their share of the pain.
Theresa May - Like Indiana Jones, I don't like snakes - though that might lead some to ask why I'm in politics.
Theresa May - I've been clear that Brexit means Brexit.
Theresa May - I actually think I think better in high heels.
Theresa May - For voters what matters is what government actually delivers for them.
Theresa May - Targets don't fight crime.
Theresa May - I will be ruthless in cutting out waste, streamlining structures and improving efficiency.
Theresa May - I want a counter-terrorism regime that is proportionate, focused and transparent.
Theresa May - If the police need more help to do their work, I will not hesitate in granting it to them.
Theresa May - Anti-social behaviour still blights lives, wrecks communities and provides a pathway to criminality.
Thom Mayne - The huge problem in our society is the enormous ignorance of the ideas that underlie modern art.
Thom Mayne - I've grown up a little bit. I understand the importance of the negotiation. It is a collective act.
Thom Mayne - The multiplicity of ideas is what I'm interested in.
Thom Mayne - Look around at day-to-day life for ideas, and it finds its way into your work.
Thom Mayne - Large-scale public projects require the agreement of large numbers of people.
Thom Mayne - Descriptions of my work depress me. They make me feel pinned down.
Thom Mayne - For me the meaning of my work is much more fluid.
Thom Mayne - My buildings don't speak in words but by means of their own spaciousness.
Thom Mayne - I've been such an outsider my whole life.
Thom Mayne - I'm interested in conflict and confrontation.
Thom Tillis - 'Intensity' is a good word. It's like ambition, if it's not ambition at expense of someone else.
Thom Tillis - If you just focus on producing good outcomes, all that other stuff sorts itself out.
Thom Tillis - One of the problems fundamental to health care in the United States is access and cost.
Thom Tillis - If Israel did not exist, the United Nations would go out of business.
Thom Tillis - My dad would much rather work a couple jobs than be on government assistance.
Thom Tillis - I've been a paperboy, a short-order cook, a warehouse clerk, and, eventually, a partner at IBM.
Thom Tillis - You have to make some hard decisions when you're speaker.
Thom Tillis - Greece has to stay in the euro.
Thom Tillis - A Greek exit from the E.U. and the euro would mean the Greek economy would be difficult to sustain.
Thom Tillis - You're always going to have your detractors.
Thom Yorke - Sometimes the nicest thing to do with a guitar is just look at it.
Thom Yorke - I think the most important thing about music is the sense of escape.
Thom Yorke - And I know I'm paranoid and neurotic, I've made a career out of it.
Thom Yorke - At home I've got a very puerile, juvenile sense of humour.
Thom Yorke - I think sometimes all the charities are doing is mopping up the blood. It's a shame.
Thom Yorke - It is difficult to make political art work.
Thom Yorke - Someone needs to tell the truth, but it shouldn't be my job.
Thom Yorke - You think I have the responsibilty... I have the responsibility to give the fans a good time!
Thom Yorke - I grew up believing that I was fundamentally powerless.
Thom Yorke - Being in a band turns you into a child and keeps you there.
Thomas a Kempis - First keep peace with yourself, then you can also bring peace to others.
Thomas a Kempis - How seldom we weigh our neighbor in the same balance with ourselves.
Thomas a Kempis - Be assured that if you knew all, you would pardon all.
Thomas a Kempis - He who loves with purity considers not the gift of the lover, but the love of the giver.
Thomas a Kempis - At the Day of Judgment, we shall not be asked what we have read, but what we have done.
Thomas a Kempis - Who has a harder fight than he who is striving to overcome himself.
Thomas a Kempis - The acknowledgment of our weakness is the first step in repairing our loss.
Thomas a Kempis - Great tranquility of heart is his who cares for neither praise nor blame.
Thomas a Kempis - We usually know what we can do, but temptation shows us who we are.
Thomas a Kempis - Of two evils, the less is always to be chosen.
Thomas Babington Macaulay - Nothing except the mint can make money without advertising.
Thomas Babington Macaulay - The best portraits are those in which there is a slight mixture of caricature.
Thomas Babington Macaulay - The measure of a man's real character is what he would do if he knew he would never be found out.
Thomas Babington Macaulay - Your Constitution is all sail and no anchor.
Thomas Babington Macaulay - I would rather be poor in a cottage full of books than a king without the desire to read.
Thomas Babington Macaulay - Few of the many wise apothegms which have been uttered have prevented a single foolish action.
Thomas Babington Macaulay - The knowledge of the theory of logic has no tendency whatever to make men good reasoners.
Thomas Babington Macaulay - He had a wonderful talent for packing thought close, and rendering it portable.
Thomas Babington Macaulay - Men are never so likely to settle a question rightly as when they discuss it freely.
Thomas Babington Macaulay - The gallery in which the reporters sit has become a fourth estate of the realm.
Thomas Dekker - Sleep is that golden chain that ties health and our bodies together.
Thomas Dekker - A mask of gold hides all deformities.
Thomas Dekker - Golden slumbers kiss your eyes, Smiles awake you when you rise.
Thomas Dekker - Age is like love, it cannot be hid.
Thomas Dekker - Arguments, like children, should be like the subject that begets them.
Thomas Dekker - The calmest husbands make the stormiest wives.
Thomas Dekker - This age thinks better of a gilded fool Than of a threadbare saint in wisdom's school.
Thomas Dekker - Were there no women, men might live like gods.
Thomas Dekker - This principle is old, but true as fate, Kings may love treason, but the traitor hate.
Thomas Dekker - O what a heaven is love! O what a hell!
Thomas Friedman - There is no substitute for face-to-face reporting and research.
Thomas Friedman - If you don't visit the bad neighborhoods, the bad neighborhoods are going to visit you.
Thomas Friedman - I was in Bangalore, India, the Silicon Valley of India, when I realized that the world was flat.
Thomas Friedman - Do you know what my favorite renewable fuel is? An ecosystem for innovation.
Thomas Friedman - We are led by lawyers who do not understand either technology or balance sheets.
Thomas Friedman - The historical debate is over. The answer is free-market capitalism.
Thomas Friedman - The hidden hand of the market will never work without a hidden fist.
Thomas Friedman - McDonald's cannot flourish without McDonnell Douglas, the designer of the F-15.
Thomas Friedman - Yes, the world is now flat for publishing as well.
Thomas Friedman - We need to become energy independent or at least aspire to that.
Thomas Fuller - If you have one true friend you have more than your share.
Thomas Fuller - Great hopes make great men.
Thomas Fuller - Health is not valued till sickness comes.
Thomas Fuller - Memory is the treasure house of the mind wherein the monuments thereof are kept and preserved.
Thomas Fuller - If it were not for hopes, the heart would break.
Thomas Fuller - Zeal without knowledge is fire without light.
Thomas Fuller - With devotion's visage and pious action we do sugar o'er the devil himself.
Thomas Fuller - All things are difficult before they are easy.
Thomas Fuller - A good horse should be seldom spurred.
Thomas Fuller - One that would have the fruit must climb the tree.
Thomas Gibson - I work in show business - there's nothing that shocks me anymore!
Thomas Gibson - Charleston is an amazing place. I probably didn't appreciate it enough when I was growing up.
Thomas Gibson - I do love golf.
Thomas Gibson - There's nothing better for kids than a bucket and shovel at the beach.
Thomas Gibson - I never envy the guys who get attention for partying too much or behaving badly.
Thomas Gibson - Prague is not rife in Asian culture.
Thomas Gibson - I grew up across the marsh from The Citadel.
Thomas Gibson - There is a fine line between something that's gratuitous, that's unnecessary.
Thomas Gibson - I joke that, 'Give us forty-two minutes, and we'll get your bad guy for you.'
Thomas Gibson - I think it'd be a lot of fun to jump back into the comedy world.
Thomas Hardy - Time changes everything except something within us which is always surprised by change.
Thomas Hardy - There is a condition worse than blindness, and that is, seeing something that isn't there.
Thomas Hardy - No one can read with profit that which he cannot learn to read with pleasure.
Thomas Hardy - And yet to every bad there is a worse.
Thomas Hardy - If Galileo had said in verse that the world moved, the inquisition might have let him alone.
Thomas Hardy - The main object of religion is not to get a man into heaven, but to get heaven into him.
Thomas Hardy - Aspect are within us, and who seems most kingly is king.
Thomas Hardy - I am the family face; flesh perishes, I live on.
Thomas Hardy - Some folk want their luck buttered.
Thomas Hardy - You can do anything with bayonets except sit on them.
Thomas Hobbes - Words are the money of fools.
Thomas Hobbes - The condition of man... is a condition of war of everyone against everyone.
Thomas Hobbes - It is not wisdom but Authority that makes a law.
Thomas Hobbes - Not believing in force is the same as not believing in gravitation.
Thomas Hobbes - Curiosity is the lust of the mind.
Thomas Hobbes - Leisure is the Mother of Philosophy.
Thomas Hobbes - Such truth, as opposeth no man's profit, nor pleasure, is to all men welcome.
Thomas Hobbes - Force and fraud are in war the two cardinal virtues.
Thomas Hobbes - A man cannot lay down the right of resisting them that assault him by force, to take away his life.
Thomas Hobbes - In the state of nature profit is the measure of right.
Thomas Huxley - The great thing in the world is not so much to seek happiness as to earn peace and self-respect.
Thomas Huxley - Try to learn something about everything and everything about something.
Thomas Huxley - Patience and tenacity are worth more than twice their weight of cleverness.
Thomas Huxley - Learn what is true in order to do what is right.
Thomas Huxley - Science has fulfilled her function when she has ascertained and enunciated truth.
Thomas Huxley - The great tragedy of science - the slaying of a beautiful hypothesis by an ugly fact.
Thomas Huxley - Science is organized common sense where many a beautiful theory was killed by an ugly fact.
Thomas Huxley - There is the greatest practical benefit in making a few failures early in life.
Thomas Huxley - The results of political changes are hardly ever those which their friends hope or their foes fear.
Thomas Huxley - Logical consequences are the scarecrows of fools and the beacons of wise men.
Thomas J. Watson - The great accomplishments of man have resulted from the transmission of ideas and enthusiasm.
Thomas J. Watson - The way to succeed is to double your error rate.
Thomas J. Watson - Good design is good business.
Thomas J. Watson - Whenever an individual or a business decides that success has been attained, progress stops.
Thomas J. Watson - A manager is an assistant to his men.
Thomas J. Watson - Once an organization loses its spirit of pioneering and rests on its early work, its progress stops.
Thomas J. Watson - Wisdom is the power to put our time and our knowledge to the proper use.
Thomas J. Watson - If you want to increase your success rate, double your failure rate.
Thomas J. Watson - To be successful, you have to have your heart in your business and your business in your heart.
Thomas J. Watson - The best way to supervise your men is from their reports that they make out.
Thomas Keller - We go through our careers and things happen to us. Those experiences made me what I am.
Thomas Keller - The law of diminishing returns is something I really believe in.
Thomas Keller - Food should be fun.
Thomas Keller - You're getting to know who the great chefs are through their books.
Thomas Keller - It's one thing you aspire to: someday, you'll be able to write a book.
Thomas Keller - We rely on our purveyors to tell us what's available and what's good.
Thomas Keller - In any restaurant of this caliber, the chefs are in the same position, building relationships.
Thomas Keller - I wanted to write about what we were doing at the French Laundry, the recipes and the stories.
Thomas Keller - Whether it's destiny or fate or whatever, I don't think I could do a French Laundry anywhere else.
Thomas Keller - I like to drink young wines, wines which are robust and have a lot of forward fruit to them.
Thomas Kinkade - Art is forever.
Thomas Kinkade - Literature is the stringing together of pictures in words.
Thomas Kinkade - My whole life was absorbed with my art. I was known by my schoolmates as the kid who could draw.
Thomas Kinkade - Art transcends cultural boundaries.
Thomas Kinkade - I try to embrace people with love, unconditional love, like Christ did.
Thomas Kinkade - High culture is paranoid about sentiment. But human beings are intensely sentimental.
Thomas Kinkade - A piece of art is a compact form of the universe.
Thomas Kinkade - It is easy to have a lot of paintings or projects hanging around that are 'almost done.'
Thomas Kinkade - My brother and I always had jobs and worked from a young age.
Thomas Kinkade - The whole Modernist lie is that art is about the artist.
Thomas Mann - People's behavior makes sense if you think about it in terms of their goals, needs, and motives.
Thomas Mann - Every reasonable human being should be a moderate Socialist.
Thomas Mann - I shall need to sleep three weeks on end to get rested from the rest I've had.
Thomas Mann - War is only a cowardly escape from the problems of peace.
Thomas Mann - A writer is somebody for whom writing is more difficult than it is for other people.
Thomas Mann - Animals do not admire each other. A horse does not admire its companion.
Thomas Mann - It is love, not reason, that is stronger than death.
Thomas Mann - The only religious way to think of death is as part and parcel of life.
Thomas Mann - Human reason needs only to will more strongly than fate, and she is fate.
Thomas Mann - If you are possessed by an idea, you find it expressed everywhere, you even smell it.
Thomas Moore - The heart that has truly loved never forgets, But as truly loves on to the close.
Thomas Moore - Humility, that low, sweet root, from which all heavenly virtues shoot.
Thomas Moore - What though youth gave love and roses, Age still leaves us friends and wine.
Thomas Moore - A friendship that like love is warm; A love like friendship, steady.
Thomas Moore - And the heart that is soonest awake to the flowers is always the first to be touch'd by the thorns.
Thomas Moore - And soon, too soon, we part with pain, To sail o'er silent seas again.
Thomas Moore - It is only to the happy that tears are a luxury.
Thomas Moore - My only books were woman's looks, and folly's all they've taught me.
Thomas Moore - Fond memory brings the light of other days around me.
Thomas Moore - Ask a woman's advice, and whatever she advises, Do the very reverse and you're sure to be wise.
Thomas P. O'Neill - It's easier to run for office than to run the office.
Thomas P. O'Neill - All politics is local.
Thomas P. O'Neill - I know the kind of street I'm going down. I know my own strengths and weaknesses.
Thomas P. O'Neill - That's politics. After six o'clock, we can be friends, but before six, it's politics.
Thomas P. O'Neill - Let us forget the frustrations of the past and think of our unfulfilled potential.
Thomas P. O'Neill - Ninety-nine percent of the time, if you're straight with the press, they'll be straight with you.
Thomas P. O'Neill - You better take advantage of the good cigars. You don't get much else in that job.
Thomas P. O'Neill - I intend to be a strong Speaker. I hope to make some imaginative changes around here.
Thomas P. O'Neill - You can teach an old dog new tricks, and this old dog wants to learn.
Thomas P. O'Neill - I certainly tried to make the House a more open and effective place, and I believe I succeeded.
Thomas Rhett - I'm not just trying to be good at one thing and then call it a day. I want to be like Bruno Mars.
Thomas Rhett - I'm ever-changing and always evolving, always trying new things.
Thomas Rhett - If you're a good person, that's all that really matters.
Thomas Rhett - As a kid, I dreamed of being nominated for a Grammy.
Thomas Rhett - I'm obsessed with Bruno Mars' records. I'd give my right leg to be able to sing like that dude.
Thomas Rhett - I realized I'm a very, very white dancer.
Thomas Rhett - All my artist buddies make fun of me for being such a sensitive human being.
Thomas Rhett - To record an album and stick to one specific style isn't really my thing.
Thomas Rhett - I'm a huge fan of Drake. Anything he puts out is great to work out to.
Thomas Rhett - Songs are like children in a way. They all need to find a home.
Thomas S. Monson - Choose your friends with caution; plan your future with purpose, and frame your life with faith.
Thomas S. Monson - Courage, not compromise, brings the smile of God's approval.
Thomas S. Monson - The future is as bright as your faith.
Thomas S. Monson - Choose your love, Love your choice.
Thomas S. Monson - We must not let our passions destroy our dreams.
Thomas S. Monson - The reward of eternal life requires effort.
Thomas S. Monson - Work will win when wishy washy wishing won t.
Thomas S. Monson - Faith and doubt cannot exist in the same mind at the same time, for one will dispel the other.
Thomas S. Monson - We tend to become like those whom we admire.
Thomas S. Monson - I forbid you, agnostic, doubting thoughts, to destroy the house of my faith.
Thomas Szasz - Boredom is the feeling that everything is a waste of time; serenity, that nothing is.
Thomas Szasz - In the animal kingdom, the rule is, eat or be eaten; in the human kingdom, define or be defined.
Thomas Szasz - Two wrongs don't make a right, but they make a good excuse.
Thomas Szasz - There is no such thing as mental illness, hence also no such thing as psychotherapy.
Thomas Szasz - A teacher should have maximal authority, and minimal power.
Thomas Szasz - If you talk to God, you are praying; If God talks to you, you have schizophrenia.
Thomas Szasz - Clear thinking requires courage rather than intelligence.
Thomas Szasz - The system isn't stupid, but the people in it are.
Thomas Szasz - Psychiatric expert testimony: mendacity masquerading as medicine.
Thomas Szasz - There is no psychology; there is only biography and autobiography.
Tia Mowry - There's nobody in the world that knows me better than my sister.
Tia Mowry - Having a second chance makes you want to work even harder.
Tia Mowry - People always say you never know love until you have your own child and all of that is true.
Tia Mowry - The older you get, the more you fight for your own identity and start to live your own life.
Tia Mowry - Sleep is very precious to me. I love to sleep.
Tia Mowry - To keep my son healthy, I throw secret veggies into his favorite dishes.
Tia Mowry - I'm so obsessed and involved with my son.
Tia Mowry - My house is completely organized from my closets to my drawers.
Tia Mowry - I feel, you know, empowered because I gave life. I have a son now. I feel like I'm stronger.
Tia Mowry - With every role that I do, I always see a little bit of me, a little bit of art and life.
Tiger Shroff - I am not at all stylish. For me, style is a state of mind and individuality.
Tiger Shroff - Action is a universal language, so everyone understands a punch and a kick.
Tiger Shroff - I can stand up for what I believe in. I don't take the word 'rebel' in a negative connotation.
Tiger Shroff - I am a day dreamer. I visualise a lot of things at the same time.
Tiger Shroff - I am who I am. I am not very complicated. I am simple and an introvert.
Tiger Shroff - I wish I could say I am a rebel for love in real life. I don't think I am so cool.
Tiger Shroff - I am happy with my name. It is such an attraction, and it makes people laugh.
Tiger Shroff - Martial arts is what pulled me through tough times, and it is one of the reasons for my happiness.
Tiger Shroff - If I have to use a body double, it means I'm not well prepared to do what I have to do.
Tiger Shroff - I look for roles where I can do justice, show people a side of Bollywood they haven't seen before.
Tiger Woods - Achievements on the golf course are not what matters, decency and honesty are what matter.
Tiger Woods - And I don't cook, either. Not as long as they still deliver pizza.
Tiger Woods - I am not without faults and I am far short of perfect.
Tiger Woods - All I can say is that I'm getting married in the future. I've narrowed it down to that.
Tiger Woods - I've been a gamer all my life.
Tiger Woods - America's a melting pot, all races, cultures, religious choices.
Tiger Woods - You can always become better.
Tiger Woods - Green and black go well together, don't they?
Tiger Woods - I get to play golf for a living. What more can you ask for - getting paid for doing what you love.
Tiger Woods - I'm aware if I'm playing at my best I'm tough to beat. And I enjoy that.
Tila Tequila - My fans and people who know of my character want to see me become more successful.
Tila Tequila - I do whatever my heart tells me to do.
Tila Tequila - I'm one of the girls that you would love to have in your group of friends.
Tila Tequila - When somebody says something bad about you, they feel bad about themselves in some way.
Tila Tequila - You don't want to be in a relationship with someone who's scared of you.
Tila Tequila - You can't have a conversation with someone who's intimidated by you all the time.
Tila Tequila - As long as I'm not hurting anybody, I don't think that anything I do is wrong.
Tila Tequila - When people talk about someone you have preconceived judgments.
Tila Tequila - I just sit around at home, and I have nothing to do, so I am on the Internet all the time.
Tila Tequila - I've learned that no matter what I do, people are going to have their opinions.
Tim Allen - I'm a creative guy, artistically with graphics.
Tim Allen - I'm an algebra liar. I figure two good lies make a positive.
Tim Allen - My mom said the only reason men are alive is for lawn care and vehicle maintenance.
Tim Allen - I think women like Ferraris. A Ferrari is everybody's car.
Tim Allen - You don't know what people are really like until they're under a lot of stress.
Tim Allen - When somebody tells you they're not very smart, they're saying exactly the opposite.
Tim Allen - In marriage, compromise nurtures the relationship.
Tim Allen - I have a thing for tools.
Tim Allen - I love doing logos. I've been a graphic artist all my life.
Tim Allen - I do a lot of family shows.
Tim Berners-Lee - We need diversity of thought in the world to face the new challenges.
Tim Berners-Lee - Innovation is serendipity, so you don't know what people will make.
Tim Berners-Lee - Data is a precious thing and will last longer than the systems themselves.
Tim Berners-Lee - You affect the world by what you browse.
Tim Berners-Lee - Sites need to be able to interact in one single, universal space.
Tim Berners-Lee - Celebrity damages private life.
Tim Berners-Lee - Whatever the device you use for getting your information out, it should be the same information.
Tim Berners-Lee - The important thing is the diversity available on the Web.
Tim Berners-Lee - Web pages are designed for people. For the Semantic Web, we need to look at existing databases.
Tim Berners-Lee - Physicists analyze systems. Web scientists, however, can create the systems.
Tim Burton - Visions are worth fighting for. Why spend your life making someone else's dreams?
Tim Burton - One person's crazyness is another person's reality.
Tim Burton - I always liked strange characters.
Tim Burton - People told me I couldn't kill Nicholson, so I cast him in two roles and killed him off twice.
Tim Burton - I am not a dark person and I don't consider myself dark.
Tim Burton - I wouldn't know a good script if it bit me in the face.
Tim Burton - I think a lot of kids feel alone and slightly isolated and in their own world.
Tim Burton - Movies are like an expensive form of therapy for me.
Tim Burton - It's good as an artist to always remember to see things in a new, weird way.
Tim Burton - If I had a choice about going to a meeting at a studio or changing a nappy, I'd choose the nappy.
Tim Cook - Life is fragile. We're not guaranteed a tomorrow so give it everything you've got.
Tim Cook - I think two people with strong points of view can appreciate each other even more.
Tim Cook - To whom much is given, much is expected. I do believe this. It's embedded in me.
Tim Cook - I learned that focus is key. Not just in your running a company, but in your personal life as well.
Tim Cook - I love museums but I don't want to live in one.
Tim Cook - I am who I am, and I'm focused on that, and being a great CEO of Apple.
Tim Cook - I don't think Apple has to own a content business.
Tim Cook - I've always hated litigation, and I continue to hate it.
Tim Cook - You can only do so many things great, and you should cast aside everything else.
Tim Cook - Anything can change, because the smartphone revolution is still in the early stages.
Tim Curry - I remember candy rationing until I was, like, 7.
Tim Curry - Don't dream it, be it.
Tim Curry - I'm not a conventional leading man at all and have no wish to be.
Tim Curry - I've turned down a lot of roles to make time to record and tour.
Tim Curry - I find there is something very intimate about being the voice in someone's ear when they're driving.
Tim Curry - Any part that makes you world famous has got to be a blessing, hasn't it?
Tim Curry - Um, musicians are funnier you know, than actors on the whole.
Tim Curry - Contrary to popular belief, I don't just play dreadful old villains.
Tim Curry - I like dangerous directors who like dangerous actors and dangerous productions.
Tim Curry - I like risky parts - abrasive characters the audience won't necessarily like.
Tim Gunn - Does a man need to know what a peplum is? Probably not.
Tim Gunn - With fashion, you really need to understand the aspects of construction. Not just design on an iPad.
Tim Gunn - I don't know why I've always been so captivated by architecture.
Tim Gunn - I have to have my coffee. I probably have three cups a day, but only before noon.
Tim Gunn - But if fashion were easy, wouldn't everybody look great?
Tim Gunn - I haven't had a date in 26 years.
Tim Gunn - I do things like hem a pair of pants, I do my own tailoring but I wouldn't attempt a jacket.
Tim Gunn - I'm one of the biggest introverts you could ever meet.
Tim Gunn - I just don't like conspicuous consumption. I find it distasteful.
Tim Gunn - I love HGTV. I love the Food Network.
Tim Howard - In the end, very little gets in the way of what Manchester United wants to do.
Tim Howard - I don't complain when it's sunny.
Tim Howard - Every old goalkeeper loses a step at some point, but you can gain that back through experience.
Tim Howard - You get 15 minutes of fame, I hear, and I've had 14 minutes. The clock's ticking.
Tim Howard - Sometimes I tic or twitch or cough, and it's a very public thing.
Tim Howard - I've made plenty of mistakes as a keeper, that's for sure. I'll make plenty more before I'm through.
Tim Howard - Pressure can be good. It helps you to see what you're all about.
Tim Howard - You want to be wanted, and you want people to rely on you.
Tim Howard - Sometimes you just give everything you have, and you do your absolute best, and it doesn't stack up.
Tim Howard - I wanted to be a soccer player; I wanted to do it at the highest level.
Tim O'Brien - Laughter does not deny pain. Laughter - like a wail - acknowledges and replies to pain.
Tim O'Brien - Everyone acts stupid at some time in order to be loved.
Tim O'Brien - Inside I feel much like a 12-year-old or a 17-year-old who knows big words.
Tim O'Brien - Storytelling is the essential human activity. The harder the situation, the more essential it is.
Tim O'Brien - I live in my head all day long and the world is a little dreamy.
Tim O'Brien - For me, the way to approach a subject such as Vietnam is through storytelling.
Tim O'Brien - Fiction is a lie that is told in the service of truth.
Tim O'Brien - A small, seemingly inconsequential event can determine a life.
Tim O'Brien - I think I'm a pretty moral guy, a very moral guy, but I'm not perfect.
Tim O'Brien - I learned that moral courage is harder than physical courage.
Tim Ryan - If you're a quarterback and you keep throwing interceptions, you change quarterbacks.
Tim Ryan - I got a lot of respect for Nancy Pelosi. I love her. She was a mentor of mine.
Tim Ryan - I am Irish, so I do like a good fight every now and then.
Tim Ryan - If you're a coach and your team doesn't win, at some point you've got to change the coach.
Tim Ryan - I think social issues are always part of a presidential campaign.
Tim Ryan - It is like our foreign policy has attention deficit disorder.
Tim Ryan - I am a proud Italian American, raised by an Italian mother and Italian grandparents.
Tim Ryan - I'm for increased funding for the Centers for Disease Control.
Tim Ryan - I traveled the country for a year and a half helping Hillary Clinton to try to become president.
Tim Ryan - Kids are growing up with a bombardment of information through technology.
Tim Tebow - I'll always use the negativity as more motivation to work even harder and become even stronger.
Tim Tebow - I really try to enjoy life and have joy with what I do.
Tim Tebow - We have to humble ourselves and the way you do that is by serving other people.
Tim Tebow - I guess, first and foremost, I'd like to thank my Lord and Savior, Jesus Christ.
Tim Tebow - I am not better than anyone else just because I play football.
Tim Tebow - It's OK to be outspoken about your faith.
Tim Tebow - I'm blessed to have a little bit of success in football.
Tim Tebow - Love ice cream. I let myself have that about once a week. Vanilla.
Tim Tebow - I rely on a lot of green drinks to get my vegetables.
Tim Tebow - I pray to start my day and finish it in prayer.
Tim Vine - I went out on a date with Simile. I don't know what I metaphor.
Tim Vine - So I went to the Chinese restaurant and this duck came up to me with a red.
Tim Vine - Now you know those trick candles that you blow out and a couple of seconds.
Tim Vine - I love acting, but it's all just a bonus.
Tim Vine - I was reading a book... 'the history of glue' - I couldn't put it down.
Tim Vine - I was at sea the other day and loads of meat floated past. It was a bit choppy.
Tim Vine - Black beauty - he's a dark horse.
Tim Vine - I've just been on a once-in-a-lifetime holiday. I'll tell you what, never again.
Tim Vine - Velcro: what a rip-off.
Tim Vine - If you compulsively pun you are called a paronomasiac.
Timothy Leary - You can always pick up your needle and move to another groove.
Timothy Leary - If you don't like what you're doing, you can always pick up your needle and move to another groove.
Timothy Leary - Turn on, Tune in, Drop out.
Timothy Leary - Women who seek to be equal with men lack ambition.
Timothy Leary - Think for yourself and question authority.
Timothy Leary - You're only as young as the last time you changed your mind.
Timothy Leary - Civilization is unbearable, but it is less unbearable at the top.
Timothy Leary - Learning how to operate a soul figures to take time.
Timothy Leary - Science is all metaphor.
Timothy Leary - The universe is an intelligence test.
Timothy Noah - The U.S. policy of hoarding crude oil never made the world, or even the U.S., a safer place.
Timothy Noah - When businesses affirmatively like regulations, that's when to reach for your wallet.
Timothy Noah - The $100 bill may be America's most successful export.
Timothy Noah - Inequality doesn't create unhappiness.
Timothy Noah - The financial services industry is a ward of the state.
Timothy Noah - I'm all for lifting the payroll-tax cap, if only to make payroll taxes a little less regressive.
Timothy Noah - What is the engine that drives economic growth in an ideopolis? The university.
Timothy Noah - Republican presidents talk about freedom. Democratic presidents talk about equality.
Timothy Noah - Obama is an intelligent man whose life and work experience sensitize him to class distinctions.
Timothy Noah - The United States is a country where practically everybody considers himself middle class.
Tina Brown - The Taliban knows they have more to fear from an educated girl than an American drone.
Tina Brown - We live in a culture of destructive transparency.
Tina Brown - Everyone is someone else's catalyst for selling something these days.
Tina Brown - Everywhere you look, there's a hunger to put the ethos by which Wall Street thrives on trial.
Tina Brown - Disinterested public service has become, just so... what's the phrase, 'old school.'
Tina Brown - The rights of women are to the 21st century what civil rights were to the 20th.
Tina Brown - 'Wingnuts' is the first book bearing the imprint of Beast Books.
Tina Brown - Servility always curdles into rage in the end.
Tina Brown - The digital explosion has been so explosive.
Tina Brown - Reputation is a timely subject, now that nobody has one.
Tina Fey - Being a mom has made me so tired. And so happy.
Tina Fey - I still want Oprah to play my best friend. I want to spend time with Oprah.
Tina Fey - I am constantly amazed by Tina Fey. And I am Tina Fey.
Tina Fey - I don't like my feet. I'm not crazy about anybody's feet. But I have flat feet.
Tina Fey - I was a very confident little kid.
Tina Fey - Every kid has something they're good at, that you hope they find and gravitate toward.
Tina Fey - I'm not a mean person, but I have a capacity for it.
Tina Fey - Acting is really about showing up that day and telling the writers what you feel like saying.
Tina Fey - I don't want to be somebody else.
Tina Fey - I am extremely square and obedient in nature!
Tink - The key to artistry is being able to say stuff the way other people can't.
Tink - I would rather impress you with my storytelling than with the size of my waist and my hips.
Tink - I'm in my own little lane, doing just me. I don't have to fit in.
Tink - Females - we go just as hard as the guys, if not harder.
Tink - I have some talent. So, I'm going to show it off. No matter what, I'm gonna keep going.
Tink - I think why people are drawn to me is because I'm very relatable. I don't filter.
Tink - I'm not the ideal pop star, not what you see on TV. I look like I could be your best friend.
Tink - I think, being a woman, we got to prove ourselves twice.
Tink - I don't ever want to lose my rawness or whatever. That makes a person special.
Tink - Country singers put a lot of soul into their songs, and I enjoy that.
Tippi Hedren - Birds I am fine with - spiders are an entirely different matter.
Tippi Hedren - You don't know what mental telepathy exists from the human to the animal.
Tippi Hedren - Federal legislation is urgently needed to stop this insanity of wild animals in captivity.
Tippi Hedren - We had a lion that was living in somebody's basement outside of Branson, Missouri.
Tippi Hedren - It has become my mission to stop the insanity of wild cats as pets.
Tippi Hedren - I can look at myself in the mirror, and I can be proud.
Tippi Hedren - I kinda go for the Jane Eyre type of film. I am fascinated by classics.
Tippi Hedren - I'm a loner.
Tippi Hedren - My light shines when things get really tough.
Tippi Hedren - I have a strong Lutheran background, and my parents instilled in me strong morals.
Tituss Burgess - I hover closer to earth than I do the clouds.
Tituss Burgess - I tell you, my naps are epic. They win awards.
Tituss Burgess - I make amazing fried chicken. The secret is taco seasoning.
Tituss Burgess - There is absolutely nothing that you can control except showing up and doing your job.
Tituss Burgess - When it's your turn, it's your turn. That's just the way it is.
Tituss Burgess - I enjoy my alone time, but I'm an open book.
Tituss Burgess - I'm a Pisces - I can't rest if you aren't resting well.
Tituss Burgess - I hate L.A. Can't be bothered.
Tituss Burgess - Singing is how I express everything. Hunger, needing new clothes... it's all through song.
Tituss Burgess - I don't enjoy attention as much as people may think I do.
Todd Phillips - Bangkok, like Las Vegas, sounds like a place where you make bad decisions.
Todd Phillips - I really got into filmmaking through photography.
Todd Phillips - My dog's a gentleman.
Todd Phillips - I was taught that you didn't want to be part of the group - that it was better to do your own thing.
Todd Phillips - Not every movie has to serve as every audience member's need for completion.
Todd Phillips - You set the tone on the set that you want to see in the film.
Todd Phillips - It's all about escapism. That's essentially what all movies are about. It's a vicarious thrill.
Todd Phillips - All my movies, as I get the ability to do it, they tend to go a little darker, a little darker.
Todd Phillips - I got nominated for an Academy Award(R) for writing 'Borat.'
Todd Phillips - John Goodman's pretty dark - I love John Goodman.
Todd Rundgren - I never thought a Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in Cleveland or anywhere else was a good idea.
Todd Rundgren - Behind every tree there's a new monster.
Todd Rundgren - You do have a modicum of peace of mind here, but it's as unsettled as any other place.
Todd Rundgren - If all you have is faith, then you never actually know anything.
Todd Rundgren - I am a laptop boy. People say: 'Where's your studio?' I say: 'It's in my laptop, in my rucksack.'
Todd Rundgren - I didn't expect to become an artist. I was not comfortable going out on the road.
Todd Rundgren - Kids don't want to dye their whole head another color; that's what their mothers do.
Todd Rundgren - The God that can only love something like this man. And from then on it was all downhill.
Todd Rundgren - The problem turned out to be that I never was that kind of an artist.
Todd Rundgren - When I got out of high school, I joined a local blues band in Philadelphia - Woody's Truck Stop.
Tom Araya - When I do interviews, I enter them with an open mind and try to answer the questions the best I can.
Tom Araya - No, I have to really focus, especially when I'm writing because I wanna be good at it.
Tom Araya - As long as it's good music, that's what's important.
Tom Araya - I follow politics, but I don't like to discuss it.
Tom Araya - A good wine has many qualities, I think. If drunk moderately, it is healthy and good for your heart.
Tom Araya - Whatever had been on the radio in the '60s; I mean we were always listening to the radio.
Tom Araya - Oh yeah, our first tour in Europe they wouldn't give me the time off from work.
Tom Araya - I was born and raised Catholic.
Tom Araya - I write, I write, I always write.
Tom Araya - I just don't write musically, but lyrically, yeah I write.
Tom Baker - I wasn't interested in novelty. I was looking for good drama.
Tom Baker - I was never really happy until I became 'Doctor Who'.
Tom Baker - It's funny, in literature no one ever goes to the lavatory.
Tom Baker - I am a one success man.
Tom Baker - I think quite often a fate worse than death is life, for lots of people.
Tom Baker - Most drama in our lives is really rather squalid.
Tom Baker - The Old Testament is my favourite science fantasy reading.
Tom Baker - I don't watch television. I know better than that.
Tom Baker - One longs to be funny, to make people laugh. Laughter is such a sign of approval, isn't it?
Tom Baker - I think people can believe in anything.
Tom Brokaw - It's easy to make a buck. It's a lot tougher to make a difference.
Tom Brokaw - You will not solve global climate change by hitting the delete button.
Tom Brokaw - It's all storytelling, you know. That's what journalism is all about.
Tom Brokaw - If fishing is a religion, fly fishing is high church.
Tom Brokaw - Peter will have a place in this brotherhood forever.
Tom Brokaw - It is, I believe, the greatest generation any society has ever produced.
Tom Brokaw - Heroes are people who rise to the occasion and slip quietly away.
Tom Brokaw - In the seasons of life, I have had more than my share of summers.
Tom Brokaw - I believe you make your own luck. My motto is 'It's always a mistake not to go.'
Tom Brokaw - Here is a secret that no one has told you: Real life is junior high.
Tom Clancy - The objective of a terrorist is to create political change in the society he targets.
Tom Clancy - The difference between fiction and reality? Fiction has to make sense.
Tom Clancy - The good old days are now.
Tom Clancy - I've made up stuff that's turned out to be real, that's the spooky part.
Tom Clancy - What do I know about sex? I'm a married man.
Tom Clancy - Collaboration on a book is the ultimate unnatural act.
Tom Clancy - Life is about learning; when you stop learning, you die.
Tom Clancy - America is the most inventive country in the world because everybody has access to information.
Tom Clancy - Show me an elitist, and I'll show you a loser.
Tom Clancy - Wars are begun by frightened men.
Tom Cotton - I don't do stairs. And I don't do groups.
Tom Cotton - Our goal is simple: to stop Iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon.
Tom Cotton - Actions have consequences.
Tom Cotton - Some people say I'm a young man in a hurry. Well, guess what: they're right.
Tom Cotton - Waterboarding isn't torture. We do waterboarding to our own soldiers in the military.
Tom Cotton - In Arkansas, we believe in religious freedom.
Tom Cotton - Law and order in our communities doesn't arise spontaneously.
Tom Cotton - I am focused on the work that the people of Arkansas sent me to do.
Tom Cotton - At Harvard College, I discovered political philosophy as a way of life.
Tom Cotton - Ambition characterizes and distinguishes national officeholders from other kinds of human beings.
Tom Cruise - I disagree with people who think you learn more from getting beat up than you do from winning.
Tom Cruise - Nothing ends nicely, that's why it ends.
Tom Cruise - I would live with all of my sisters if I could. We've always been very close, my sisters and me.
Tom Cruise - When you have to cope with a lot of problems, you're either going to sink or you're going to swim.
Tom Cruise - I'm passionate about learning. I'm passionate about life.
Tom Cruise - Every single time I start to do a picture, without fail, I feel as if I don't know what I'm doing.
Tom Cruise - I don't care who you are, life has challenges.
Tom Cruise - Talk is over-rated as a means of settling disputes.
Tom Cruise - I always look for a challenge and something that's different.
Tom Cruise - I love kids. I was a kid myself, once.
Tom DeLonge - I always want to do different things. I'm always obsessed with trying to do different things.
Tom DeLonge - In ten years I will become president of the United States Of America.
Tom DeLonge - I grew up skateboarding, but I don't even do that anymore.
Tom DeLonge - I've never been a jam-band sort of musician.
Tom DeLonge - When you see opportunities in your life, you've got to analyze, 'Why was that choice given to me?'
Tom DeLonge - Every day, I read books on philosophy and science fiction and human consciousness.
Tom DeLonge - People are different when they're 30 than they are when they're 16.
Tom DeLonge - You don't even wish for the success that I had, because you don't think it's attainable.
Tom DeLonge - Everyone I talk to says stuff like, 'Music sucks today,' and I'm going to try and change all that.
Tom DeLonge - I would lose straight away if I went on 'American Idol.'
Tom Douglas - Sweet, delicious Dungeness crab is always a treat.
Tom Douglas - Every cook I knows loves to make pizza.
Tom Douglas - I have a good flavor memory.
Tom Douglas - I use ginger like garlic. I love it for steaming fish and making barbecue sauces or roasted chicken.
Tom Douglas - I think about sustainability all the time, whether it's with fish or farmers in Eastern Oregon.
Tom Douglas - I would say a full-time waiter in a high-price house could easily make $75,000, $80,000 a year.
Tom Douglas - Pork is my friend.
Tom Douglas - When I eat oatmeal, I'm hungry by 10 A.M., but pho is a great way to start the day.
Tom Douglas - There's natural mentoring that goes on in my life every day.
Tom Douglas - Money is like manure: if you don't spread it around, nothing grows.
Tom Felton - I like to fish. Fishing is always a way of relaxing.
Tom Felton - I'm terrible at texting people back. It takes me, like, three days. I'm not a big phone person.
Tom Felton - It's definitely more fun playing a bad guy. It feels a lot better than playing one of the good guys.
Tom Felton - Whatever life throws at me I'll take it and be grateful for it as well.
Tom Felton - I like geography. I like to know where places are.
Tom Felton - Also, I just think of Draco and he gets me in the right mood. He just keeps getting worse and worse.
Tom Felton - I used to have all the Goosebumps books as a kid too.
Tom Felton - I'm generally more and more in my comfort zone in the wild.
Tom Felton - If you're put on a set with a lot of people, it's just nice to see everyone working together.
Tom Felton - The only time I can really relax is up a tree or somewhere outside. I love being outside.
Tom Ford - I probably do have an obsessive personality, but striving for perfection has served me well.
Tom Ford - I find a bath meditative and usually prepare myself for the day in this manner.
Tom Ford - I guess I'm just one of these people who, when I decide I'm going to do something, I just do it.
Tom Ford - From the time we're born until we die, we're kept busy with artificial stuff that isn't important.
Tom Ford - Students in the '60s were responsible for great changes, politically and socially.
Tom Ford - I'm a very serious person.
Tom Ford - I think that monogamy is artificial. I do not think it's something that comes naturally to us.
Tom Ford - I'm actually very introverted. I'm very shy. I'm very emotional.
Tom Ford - I just want to make beautiful, glamorous clothes.
Tom Ford - On the one hand, I want to go off and live in the desert with my dog and sculpt things out of adobe.
Tom Hanks - A hero is somebody who voluntarily walks into the unknown.
Tom Hanks - If it wasn't hard, everyone would do it. It's the hard that makes it great.
Tom Hanks - Actors with political views are a dime a dozen.
Tom Hanks - I understand the concept of optimism. But I think with me what you get is a lack of cynicism.
Tom Hanks - I had to say no to 'Fantasy Island' back when I was doing 'Bosom Buddies.'
Tom Hanks - May you live as long as you want and not want as long as you live.
Tom Hanks - I don't cause riots, but I do cause confusion. People freeze when they spot me.
Tom Hanks - If you're funny, if there's something that makes you laugh, then every day's going to be okay.
Tom Hanks - Movie-making is telling a story with the best technology at your disposal.
Tom Hanks - There was a period of time in Los Angeles when I wondered if I was just going to lose everything.
Tom Hodgkinson - When the going gets tough, the tough take a nap.
Tom Hodgkinson - I love the 19th-century idea of the flaneur, the poet wandering through the streets.
Tom Hodgkinson - Idleness allows you to turn a situation from boredom to pleasure.
Tom Hodgkinson - All of our technology is completely unnecessary to a happy life.
Tom Hodgkinson - You can become very serious as a parent. That's got to be fought against.
Tom Hodgkinson - Travelling fills me with dread.
Tom Hodgkinson - I seethe at the humiliation of airport security checks.
Tom Hodgkinson - Both on an individual and a national scale, debt imprisons.
Tom Hodgkinson - Faffing, of course, does not fit the programme. We are supposed to be busy, productive citizens.
Tom Hodgkinson - The phrase 'work/life balance' encapsulates a depressing outlook.
Tom Landry - A winner never stops trying.
Tom Landry - Being the best at whatever talent you have, that's what stimulates life.
Tom Landry - If you are prepared, you will be confident, and will do the job.
Tom Landry - Today, you have 100% of your life left.
Tom Landry - I wouldn't think I would coach again, because it would just be hard not being in the Cowboys' blue.
Tom Landry - The secret to winning is constant, consistent management.
Tom Landry - I've learned that something constructive comes from every defeat.
Tom Landry - When you want to win a game, you have to teach. When you lose a game, you have to learn.
Tom Landry - Football is an incredible game. Sometimes it's so incredible, it's unbelievable.
Tom Landry - Right after the game, say as little as possible.
Tom Lehrer - Be prepared, and be careful not to do your good deeds when there's no one watching you.
Tom Lehrer - I feel that if a person has problems communicating the very least he can do is to shut up.
Tom Lehrer - I went from adolescence to senility, trying to bypass maturity.
Tom Lehrer - I know that there are people who do not love their fellow man, and I hate people like that!
Tom Lehrer - Life is like a sewer: what you get out of it depends on what you put into it.
Tom Lehrer - If a person feels he can't communicate, the least he can do is shut up about it.
Tom Lehrer - Bad weather always looks worse through a window.
Tom Lehrer - Life is like a piano. What you get out of it depends on how you play it.
Tom Lehrer - Apart from that Mrs Lincoln, how did you enjoy the play?
Tom Lehrer - In my youth there were words you couldn't say in front of a girl; now you can't say 'girl.'
Tom Peters - If a window of opportunity appears, don't pull down the shade.
Tom Peters - Excellent firms don't believe in excellence - only in constant improvement and constant change.
Tom Peters - Management is about arranging and telling. Leadership is about nurturing and enhancing.
Tom Peters - Everyone has a chance to learn, improve, and build up their skills.
Tom Peters - Communication is everyone's panacea for everything.
Tom Peters - If you really want to kill morale, have layoffs every two months for the next two years.
Tom Peters - Remember my mantra: distinct... or extinct.
Tom Peters - Leaders don't create followers, they create more leaders.
Tom Peters - Celebrate what you want to see more of.
Tom Peters - The simple act of paying positive attention to people has a great deal to do with productivity.
Tom Rath - Making better choices takes work. There is a daily give and take, but it is worth the effort.
Tom Rath - Friendships are among the most fundamental of human needs.
Tom Rath - The right choices over time greatly improve your odds of a long and healthy life.
Tom Rath - While the things that motivate us differ greatly from one person to the next, the outcomes do not.
Tom Rath - When you ask people what affects their wellbeing most, they think of health and wealth.
Tom Rath - When I was in kindergarten, I entered a competition and read 52 books in a week.
Tom Rath - You need a lot of effort and talent to produce greatness.
Tom Rath - What works for one person's needs is almost always very different from the next.
Tom Rath - I act as if my life depends on each decision. Because it does.
Tom Rath - Figure out what you really love doing and use your strengths on a daily basis.
Tom Robbins - We're our own dragons as well as our own heroes, and we have to rescue ourselves from ourselves.
Tom Robbins - I am cheerful. I don't know if I'm happy. There is a difference, you know.
Tom Robbins - The highest function of love is that it makes the loved one a unique and irreplacable being.
Tom Robbins - We waste time looking for the perfect lover, instead of creating the perfect love.
Tom Robbins - If little else, the brain is an educational toy.
Tom Robbins - Disbelief in magic can force a poor soul into believing in government and business.
Tom Robbins - There are many things worth living for, a few things worth dying for, and nothing worth killing for.
Tom Robbins - A writer needs a life of introspection.
Tom Robbins - I think science has begun to demonstrate that aging is a disease. If it is, it can be cured.
Tom Robbins - I'm not infatuated with frivolousness. We're just good friends.
Tom Selleck - I live a pretty simple life.
Tom Selleck - Do you like my suit? I think this is an amazing suit, don't you think?
Tom Selleck - Hopefully you marry someone who you not only love, but who you like as well.
Tom Selleck - If you buy an expensive thing and you never use it, I don't think there's a point to it.
Tom Selleck - People tracking your life and photographing you anywhere you go, that can make you crazy.
Tom Selleck - I've never reacted well to other people telling me what to do.
Tom Selleck - Son, never throw a punch at a redwood.
Tom Selleck - And besides, because of all she has accomplished, Barbara Jordan has always been a hero of mine.
Tom Selleck - You know, there's so much imitation and so much pandering in Hollywood.
Tom Selleck - I had a strong, really good upbringing, not puritanical.
Tom Shadyac - I think true success is intrinsic... It's love. It's kindness. It's community.
Tom Shadyac - Hope is the belief we might get it done, and faith is the knowledge we will get it done.
Tom Shadyac - Christ is in all, meaning that the divine spark is in all things.
Tom Shadyac - We are what make up society.
Tom Shadyac - There is no 'I.' That's an illusion we've got to get beyond.
Tom Shadyac - As a culture, I think we need to redefine what it means to be happy.
Tom Shadyac - I believe in unity, as opposed to division.
Tom Shadyac - Definition is the death of discovery.
Tom Shadyac - Technology is not good, it's neutral.
Tom Shadyac - I think laughter is a sacred act.
Tom Stoppard - If you carry your childhood with you, you never become older.
Tom Stoppard - A healthy attitude is contagious but don't wait to catch it from others. Be a carrier.
Tom Stoppard - Every exit is an entry somewhere else.
Tom Stoppard - Maturity is a high price to pay for growing up.
Tom Stoppard - It's not the voting that's democracy; it's the counting.
Tom Stoppard - Good things, when short, are twice as good.
Tom Stoppard - If enough things that are untrue are said about you, no one will know what really is true.
Tom Stoppard - Any revival in which I am involved is liable to change.
Tom Stoppard - My whole life is waiting for the questions to which I have prepared answers.
Tom Stoppard - Theatre is a series of insurmountable obstacles on the road to imminent disaster.
Tom Waits - Don't you know there ain't no devil, it's just god when he's drunk.
Tom Waits - It's hard to win when you always lose.
Tom Waits - I do like books on anatomy. I have to say I'm an amateur physician, I guess.
Tom Waits - George Bush is a fan of mine, he came to see me in the Seventies. His coke dealer brought him.
Tom Waits - Any place is good for eavesdropping, if you know how to eavesdrop.
Tom Waits - I'd rather have a free bottle in front of me than a prefrontal lobotomy.
Tom Waits - I'm so horny the crack of dawn better watch out.
Tom Waits - Champagne for my real friends and real pain for my sham friends.
Tom Waits - The piano has been drinking, not me.
Tom Waits - The big print giveth and the small print taketh away.
Tom Wilson - A smile is happiness you'll find right under your nose.
Tom Wilson - A smile is a facelift that's in everyone's price range!
Tom Wilson - Many of us are more capable than some of us... but none of us is as capable as all of us!
Tom Wilson - About the only time losing is more fun than winning is when you're fighting temptation.
Tom Wilson - If I ever had an out-of-body experience - I'd try to come back to a different one.
Tom Wilson - I try not to worry about the future - so I take each day just one anxiety attack at a time.
Tom Wilson - Nobody got where they are today by living for tomorrow.
Tom Wilson - There's no future in spending our present worrying about our past.
Tom Wilson - Mondays are the potholes in the road of life.
Tom Wilson - Happiness doesn't depend on how much you have to enjoy, but how much you enjoy what you have.
Tom Wolfe - The surest cure for vanity is loneliness.
Tom Wolfe - Miami is a melting pot in which none of the stones melt. They rattle around.
Tom Wolfe - This is the artist, then, life's hungry man, the glutton of eternity, beauty's miser, glory's slave.
Tom Wolfe - A cult is a religion with no political power.
Tom Wolfe - Love is the ultimate expression of the will to live.
Tom Wolfe - If a conservative is a liberal who's been mugged, a liberal is a conservative who's been arrested.
Tom Wolfe - Frankly, these days, without a theory to go with it, I can't see a painting.
Tom Wolfe - You never realise how much of your background is sewn into the lining of your clothes.
Tom Wolfe - Nonfiction is never going to die.
Tom Wolfe - I don't think journalists should talk about whom they're voting for.
Tommy Chong - But you can't exercise and be high. It's impossible.
Tommy Chong - I never did smoke that much pot; never was a big pothead.
Tommy Chong - Cigarettes, I won't do cigarettes, nicotine will kill ya.
Tommy Chong - You know, I left the country when Reagan got in; I went to France.
Tommy Chong - A lot of prophets have gone to jail.
Tommy Chong - Everything that happens to me is very cosmic.
Tommy Chong - I've been a good boy, I've never really been convicted of serious crime.
Tommy Chong - The thing is about Cheech & Chong, we've brought more families together than Dr. Phil.
Tommy Chong - You can't become a dictator through checks and balances.
Tommy Chong - Every time I get tested, I ask questions about it, and I watch how they do it.
Tommy Hilfiger - I think it's dangerous to think that you're successful, because then you become complacent.
Tommy Hilfiger - We are going back to our roots by cultivating new unsigned talent who otherwise might go unnoticed.
Tommy Hilfiger - You want to look fashionable and put-together, not like you hit every sale rack this season.
Tommy Hilfiger - I thought, if I went into business I'd be able to control my own destiny.
Tommy Hilfiger - I'm a designer of more than clothes. I am a designer of a very creative concept.
Tommy Hilfiger - In designing a lifestyle brand, you have to know more than just designing clothes.
Tommy Hilfiger - We like to believe our fashion is growing.
Tommy Hilfiger - My passion for music has always inspired my designs.
Tommy Hilfiger - Our look and image never change dramatically from one season to the next, so we need an edge.
Tommy Hilfiger - I've never tried to do couture, because it's a whole different beast.
Tommy Lasorda - The difference between the impossible and the possible lies in a man's determination.
Tommy Lasorda - You give loyalty, you'll get it back. You give love, you'll get it back.
Tommy Lasorda - I bleed Dodger blue and when I die, I'm going to the big Dodger in the sky.
Tommy Lasorda - If you don't love the Dodgers, there's a good chance you may not get into Heaven.
Tommy Lasorda - The only Angels in Los Angeles are in Heaven, and they're looking down on the Dodgers.
Tommy Lasorda - No, we don't cheat. And even if we did, I'd never tell you.
Tommy Lasorda - About the only problem with success is that it does not teach you how to deal with failure.
Tommy Lasorda - Everybody wants to win, but everybody doesn't win.
Tommy Lasorda - You get an opportunity to do something for your country, you better get out and do it.
Tommy Lasorda - Baseball is like driving, it's the one who gets home safely that counts.
Tommy Lee - I'm really a cool, mellow guy. I'm not as crazy as everybody thinks.
Tommy Lee - There's no new news.
Tommy Lee - I don't think anybody should ever touch anybody in anger, ever.
Tommy Lee - Drumming's pretty physical. We sit at the back of the stage getting beat up like a workhorse.
Tommy Lee - I'm driven by music. It's in my blood, and I've never been able to stay away from it for too long.
Tommy Lee - When you're playing upside down, it takes twice the strength.
Tommy Lee - Too many drummers sit at the back covered in drums, and you never see them.
Tommy Lee - I take the best of all the styles I like and put them together in one package.
Tommy Lee - By the age of 17, for me, we had got an recording contract, and, boom, I was gone.
Tommy Lee - The Radiohead record, The Bends is my all-time favorite record on the planet.
Tommy Lee Jones - The world's not a very comfortable place if you have a nightmare to face.
Tommy Lee Jones - Partnerships are good engines for narrative.
Tommy Lee Jones - Kindness and politeness are not overrated at all. They're underused.
Tommy Lee Jones - I look upon pride as a sin.
Tommy Lee Jones - Human beings are glorious and preposterous characters.
Tommy Lee Jones - I personally don't live a nihilistic life, I don't have any use for it.
Tommy Lee Jones - Normal people with normal problems can be hilarious.
Tommy Lee Jones - I want to make movies about my country from my point of view.
Tommy Lee Jones - In the political world, the only position I have is voter. I'm not a spokesman for anything.
Tommy Lee Jones - If you want to know about my politics, the only way to do that is to look at my work.
Tommy Wiseau - I inspire myself.
Tommy Wiseau - My background is in psychology and I'm also a stage actor. That's my background.
Tommy Wiseau - Express yourself, don't hurt yourself.
Tommy Wiseau - When people sometimes misquote me, I don't know if they understand what I'm saying.
Tommy Wiseau - As a director, I have to feel realism from actors, and they can't be plastic.
Tommy Wiseau - I'm not a god, I'm just a simple guy.
Tommy Wiseau - I'm not here to criticize anyone.
Tommy Wiseau - I want to be always actor.
Tommy Wiseau - I like acting better than anything else, but, you know, directing's good.
Tommy Wiseau - I'm satisfied with the way 'The Room' turned out, and I don't want to change anything.
Toni Morrison - All water has a perfect memory and is forever trying to get back to where it was.
Toni Morrison - If you surrendered to the air, you could ride it.
Toni Morrison - I get angry about things, then go on and work.
Toni Morrison - If there's a book you really want to read, but it hasn't been written yet, then you must write it.
Toni Morrison - I wrote my first novel because I wanted to read it.
Toni Morrison - Freeing yourself was one thing; claiming ownership of that freed self was another.
Toni Morrison - Love is or it ain't. Thin love ain't love at all.
Toni Morrison - As you enter positions of trust and power, dream a little before you think.
Toni Morrison - In this country American means white. Everybody else has to hyphenate.
Toni Morrison - You need a whole community to raise a child. I have raised two children, alone.
Tony Abbott - I would not want to see any relaxation of the law prohibiting human cloning.
Tony Abbott - You cannot win an election without a fight.
Tony Abbott - I do enjoy exercise, not because I am an exercise junkie but because it's terrific stress release.
Tony Abbott - There are no factions in the Liberal Party.
Tony Abbott - The truth is I try to take people as I find them.
Tony Abbott - My commitment to the forgotten families of Australia is to ease your cost of living pressure.
Tony Abbott - I instinctively try to protect people from filth.
Tony Abbott - Climate change is crap.
Tony Abbott - Once people come to Australia, they join the team.
Tony Abbott - I try to treat people as people and not put them in pigeonholes.
Tony Blair - Sometimes it is better to lose and do the right thing than to win and do the wrong thing.
Tony Blair - The art of leadership is saying no, not saying yes. It is very easy to say yes.
Tony Blair - Be a doer and not a critic.
Tony Blair - Human progress has never been shaped by commentators, complainers or cynics.
Tony Blair - Leaders lead but in the end it's the people who deliver.
Tony Blair - I can only go one way. I've not got a reverse gear.
Tony Blair - I feel like everyone else in this country today. I am utterly devastated.
Tony Blair - You only require two things in life: your sanity and your wife.
Tony Blair - I didn't come into politics to change the Labour Party. I came into politics to change the country.
Tony Blair - Whatever the dangers of the action we take, the dangers of inaction are far, far greater.
Tony Campolo - Of the 22 industrialized nations of the world, we're dead last in per capita giving to poor people.
Tony Campolo - Relegating women to second-class citizenship was abolished when Jesus died on the cross.
Tony Campolo - Women have the same privileges and opportunities as men, given the New Testament.
Tony Campolo - It is hard to say what the future holds, but this is probable - it won't be just like the past.
Tony Campolo - A strong case can be made for religious leaders to speak out on political issues.
Tony Campolo - I'm a minister, and I serve as a minister in addition to being a university professor.
Tony Campolo - I think the time has come for the United States to do even-handed justice.
Tony Campolo - Nowhere in the Hebrew Scriptures does it say that God is omnipotent.
Tony Campolo - I've got some repenting to do.
Tony Campolo - Christianity isn't the only group that has fundamentalists.
Tony Dungy - The best leaders are following Christ. That's the best leader you can follow.
Tony Dungy - Sometimes I think God wants there to be a circus so we can show there's another way to respond.
Tony Dungy - We're not hitting on all cylinders, defensively. When we're playing good, I'll let you know.
Tony Dungy - You can have an impact anywhere you are.
Tony Dungy - We need somebody to give us a chance.
Tony Dungy - I've said all along that God is in control.
Tony Dungy - The Lord doesn't always take you in a straight line. He tests you sometimes.
Tony Dungy - Balance provides the chance for longevity. You can be a champion at work and at home.
Tony Dungy - I don't have the strength or wisdom to get through a single day without guidance and grace from God.
Tony Dungy - As big a deal as the Super Bowl is, it's not the most important thing going on in the planet.
Tony Scott - I have a short attention span.
Tony Scott - New York is vertical - all skyscrapers.
Tony Scott - I think we're lucky because there are very few people in life who get to do what we're doing.
Tony Scott - What always leads me in terms of my movies are characters.
Tony Scott - The world is sick of big IT things that don't work.
Tony Scott - We don't ever want IT to be the thing that holds GM back.
Tony Scott - Out of the total of 11 movies, I got slammed.
Tony Scott - A lot of actors talk about doing their homework, but very few of them do it.
Tony Scott - All my movies, like Revenge, are under two hours.
Tony Scott - I make a movie because it's something that inspires me.
Tori Amos - Being stylish is about enjoying your life and expressing yourself and your inner light.
Tori Amos - Healing takes courage, and we all have courage, even if we have to dig a little to find it.
Tori Amos - Some of the most wonderful people are the ones who don't fit into boxes.
Tori Amos - Parenting is not for everybody. It changes your life. Especially when they're little.
Tori Amos - A key to keeping your husband is getting him to miss you. That keeps a marriage fresh.
Tori Amos - Even if everything else is downplayed, I'll wear good shoes.
Tori Amos - Many people lock a part of themselves away. It's a bit sacred.
Tori Amos - When you don't have people in your life pushing you, can you push yourself?
Tori Amos - If you have an issue with homosexuality, then it comes to your own fear and your own darkness.
Tori Amos - My father was a minister and so rock music was banned in our house.
Tory Burch - I never go out during the day without sunglasses.
Tory Burch - When I think about fashion I think women will never lose that appetite for fashion.
Tory Burch - I think women want to look beautiful. I think that's an important thing. It is relevant.
Tory Burch - It's very passe to think women want to spend a fortune on clothes.
Tory Burch - My biggest challenge every day is to be a great mother and a great businesswoman.
Tory Burch - I've learned time management, organization and I have priorities.
Tory Burch - I think you can have it all. You just have to know it's going to work.
Tory Burch - I like being behind the scene.
Tory Burch - I wanted to help women and their families.
Tory Burch - One of my greatest talents is recognizing talent in others and giving them the forum to shine.
Tory Lanez - The way that I learned to be confident was I would ride the back of the city bus and sing very low.
Tory Lanez - Every time I do something in life, I try to outdo myself.
Tory Lanez - I'm here to be the guy that rubs people the wrong way sometimes.
Tory Lanez - What, do you think I'm here to be second place, brother?
Tory Lanez - Me personally, I don't think I'm even hot enough to be getting dissed.
Tory Lanez - To be selling out shows and these kids who don't speak English singing along every word? It's wild.
Tory Lanez - I'm here to compete. I'm here to be number one.
Tory Lanez - I'm here to be the greatest.
Tory Lanez - Drake could diss me 20,000 times, and I would never diss him. I'm a fan.
Tory Lanez - I'm a very cultural person, and Canada is a very cultural place.
Tracee Ellis Ross - I am a connoisseur of products. I check out everything, I try everything.
Tracee Ellis Ross - I listen to my body. Some days all I want is a good steak and others, I crave veggies and quinoa.
Tracee Ellis Ross - Keep in mind that diversity does not just mean black. It means all of it - age, weight, gender.
Tracee Ellis Ross - Lily Tomlin was one of the early comedy greats who influenced my courage to be the person I am.
Tracee Ellis Ross - I don't do what I do to get nominated. I do what I do because I love it.
Tracee Ellis Ross - I've never felt like I was in my mother's shadow. If anything, I felt like I was in her embrace.
Tracee Ellis Ross - Using my voice to recognize and celebrate other women is a joy for me.
Tracee Ellis Ross - I don't always feel fierce and fearless, but I do feel like I'm a rock star at being human.
Tracee Ellis Ross - I'm trying to find a little joy and happiness, a lot of giggles - and maybe some pretty shoes.
Tracee Ellis Ross - I used to think 40 was old. Now I think, 'Hey, 40's hot!'
Tracey Emin - I don't ask for an apology because it's only tomorrow's fish-and-chip paper.
Tracey Emin - I never grew up.
Tracey Emin - I'm out of here, I'm better than all of you.
Tracey Emin - I've been slagged off completely by the art world.
Tracey Emin - It pleases me that people can be interactive.
Tracey Emin - It wasn't so much destroying my dancing, it was destroying me.
Tracey Emin - Maybe I don't believe things myself, as well. Truth is such a transient thing.
Tracey Emin - My mum has never wanted me to have children. She thinks I would be destroying my life, even now.
Tracey Emin - One thing that success has taught me is censorship.
Tracey Emin - People try constantly to use me, and I hate it.
Tracy Morgan - I think the word 'pregnant' is funny.
Tracy Morgan - Bad news travels at the speed of light; good news travels like molasses.
Tracy Morgan - Tracy Morgan is subdued. I'm cool. I'm chilled out.
Tracy Morgan - The paparazzi do what they do, man. They have a job, too.
Tracy Morgan - All women like to look up to their men.
Tracy Morgan - And when I was angry, when I was younger, I was in a cocoon. Now I'm a beautiful, black butterfly.
Tracy Morgan - Comedians are the monkeys of acting. When you go to the zoo, everybody loves the monkey exhibit.
Tracy Morgan - If we all had a little bit of Michael Jackson in us, I think it would make the world a better place.
Tracy Morgan - You get somebody to crack a smile, that's a beautiful thing.
Tracy Morgan - If I don't offend somebody, then I'm probably not funny.
Travis Barker - Thank you for life, and all the little ups and downs that make it worth living.
Travis Barker - A lot of people think that punk rock musicians don't know what they're doing.
Travis Barker - I need protein from food rather than just protein supplements. I changed my diet.
Travis Barker - We never worry about the big things, just the small things.
Travis Barker - I practice every day, I warm up before I play.
Travis Barker - I looked Death right in the face.
Travis Barker - I'm obsessed with my children.
Travis Barker - Playing my drums is therapy.
Travis Barker - I guess YouTube is the new destination spot for music videos. That's where I go.
Travis Barker - I want to keep pushing the limits for drummers and expressing myself.
Travis Kalanick - Ultimately, progress and innovation win.
Travis Kalanick - Acknowledging mistakes and learning from them are the first steps.
Travis Kalanick - As an entrepreneur, I try to push the limits. Pedal to the metal.
Travis Kalanick - The regulatory systems in place disincentive innovation. It's intense to fight the red tape.
Travis Kalanick - I'm a natural-born trust-buster.
Travis Kalanick - In my first start-up, I didn't get any salary for four years, so I had to move back with my parents.
Travis Kalanick - When people start to perceive you as the big guy, you're not allowed to be scrappy, fierce.
Travis Kalanick - Uber exists because of mobile telephones.
Travis Kalanick - Every day, I get a little smarter.
Travis Kalanick - I wake up in the morning with a list of problems, and I go solve them.
Travis Scott - There's a lot of us out here that are birds, man. We all need to just fly.
Travis Scott - You can't buy vision, and you can't buy aesthetic.
Travis Scott - I'm a magician, like David Blaine. I could never fall.
Travis Scott - I feel like everything needs to be stylised; that's always been my mindset.
Travis Scott - My mom worked for Apple, and my dad owned his own business.
Travis Scott - I'm La Flame at all times. That, at times, can be bad, at times can be good.
Travis Scott - I'm super nice - I just get excited!
Travis Scott - Everybody just has different steps in their life that they take to do what they should.
Travis Scott - I love my fans more than anything.
Travis Scott - I was a smart kid. I went to private school in middle school and got kicked out.
Trent Reznor - In my nothing, you were everything, to me.
Trent Reznor - My music, I hope, takes 100% of your concentration. I know how to do that.
Trent Reznor - I write most of my songs when I'm in a bad mood.
Trent Reznor - Fear has governed my life, if I think about it.
Trent Reznor - Making noise is easy; making stuff people understand is an easy thing to do.
Trent Reznor - I really try to put myself in uncomfortable situations. Complacency is my enemy.
Trent Reznor - I'm not Prince or Rivers Cuomo, who brags about having hundreds of great songs.
Trent Reznor - I feel uncomfortable because I'm insecure about who I am.
Trent Reznor - Sometimes we pee on each other before we go on stage.
Trent Reznor - I think there's something strangely musical about noise.
Trey Anastasio - I've always loved the experience of working together with other people toward an artistic goal.
Trey Anastasio - When you're a musician and you break new ground it resonates into the common consciousness.
Trey Anastasio - Set the gearshift for the high gear of your soul, you've got to run like an antelope out of control!
Trey Anastasio - Swing will never sound as good as it did in the '40s.
Trey Anastasio - I've always loved musical theater. It's a bit of a family tradition.
Trey Anastasio - We're never going to stop! Three hundred shows a year forever!
Trey Anastasio - I absolutely love the Philharmonic. I also love rock guitar.
Trey Anastasio - Equality implies individuality.
Trey Anastasio - I understand that transposing a song a half step can effect the believability of a lyric.
Trey Anastasio - Phish has run its course and that we should end it now while it's still on a high note.
Trey Gowdy - You may be less likely to pick on someone if you don't know what's in their briefcase or purse.
Trey Gowdy - If you were summoned for jury duty and you didn't show up, what would happen? You'd be in jail!
Trey Gowdy - Facts are neither Republican nor Democrat.
Trey Gowdy - It always matters whether or not you can trust your government.
Trey Gowdy - I don't like bonuses for public services employees who do great jobs, like prosecutors or judges.
Trey Gowdy - The notion that the First Amendment has no limitations whatsoever is balderdash.
Trey Gowdy - I believe being a good senator requires two things. Number one, acumen. Number two, interest.
Trey Gowdy - I do not want to stay in Washington.
Trey Gowdy - I listen to Gov. Romney have to apologize because he has been successful.
Trey Gowdy - My daughter took Latin for three years; she still can't speak it.
Trey Parker - The problem is we moved to LA... The only way to be punk rock in L.A. is to be a Republican.
Trey Parker - I see Santa Claus and Joseph Smith and Luke Skywalker as the same person.
Trey Parker - Sometimes what's right isn't as important as what's profitable.
Trey Parker - I spend shockingly little time thinking about real-world stuff.
Trey Parker - Even from the very beginning, I didn't put any money in the stock market.
Trey Parker - I find Mormons adorable.
Trey Parker - I can feel myself dying inside.
Trey Parker - Once you have kids, you think like a parent. You get a lot more protective.
Trey Parker - Bargaining makes you come up with the best ideas.
Trey Parker - The only way to be punk rock in L.A. is to be a Republican.
Trisha Yearwood - What's meant to be will always find a way.
Trisha Yearwood - I don't spend time wondering what might be next; I just focus on trying to savor every day.
Trisha Yearwood - When you're sick, nobody takes care of you like your mom.
Trisha Yearwood - I'm 47, You learn life is short and it's not worth doing something if you don't enjoy it.
Trisha Yearwood - You start out playing in kitchens, and you end up playing in kitchens.
Trisha Yearwood - I want to sing because I want to sing.
Trisha Yearwood - I love potatoes - they're my favorite food.
Trisha Yearwood - I like a gooey cookie.
Trisha Yearwood - People who truly love to sing have to do it all the time.
Trisha Yearwood - For me, cooking is very connected to my family and friends.
Troy Polamalu - When I let my hair down, I just let it down. It's more comfortable in my helmet.
Troy Polamalu - My hair has become part of my identity; it's almost an appendage to me.
Troy Polamalu - I have developed a Samoan mentality. You have to be a gentleman everywhere but on the field.
Troy Polamalu - My best vacation memory is getting barreled at the beach in Hawaii.
Troy Polamalu - Material things aren't important to me.
Troy Polamalu - My wife is Greek. I was a non-denomination Christian before we got married.
Troy Polamalu - When I cook, it's something nobody else would enjoy.
Troy Polamalu - Three English bulldogs count for one kid.
Troy Polamalu - I don't feel that I need a tattoo to represent myself as a Samoan or a Christian.
Troy Polamalu - Probably the label 'Jesus freak' is fine with me. Because I know who I am.
Truman Capote - Venice is like eating an entire box of chocolate liqueurs in one go.
Truman Capote - To me, the greatest pleasure of writing is not what it's about, but the inner music that words make.
Truman Capote - I believe more in the scissors than I do in the pencil.
Truman Capote - I like to talk on TV about those things that aren't worth writing about.
Truman Capote - Love, having no geography, knows no boundaries.
Truman Capote - The quietness of his tone italicized the malice of his reply.
Truman Capote - Fame is only good for one thing - they will cash your check in a small town.
Truman Capote - Love is a chain of love as nature is a chain of life.
Truman Capote - Finishing a book is just like you took a child out in the back yard and shot it.
Truman Capote - Life is a moderately good play with a badly written third act.
Tucker Carlson - To be a feminist, you could cut your hair really short. You have to be really angry about something.
Tucker Carlson - In the absence of evidence, superstition. It's a Middle Ages thing. That's my theory anyway.
Tucker Carlson - I don't care what anybody thinks.
Tucker Carlson - It is increasingly important to be open-minded.
Tucker Carlson - I am not insecure about being a journalist.
Tucker Carlson - I try to tell the truth.
Tucker Carlson - I have never been one to look beyond today.
Tucker Carlson - To politicize a man's tragic death is about as low as you can go, isn't it?
Tucker Carlson - Who laughs less than feminists?
Tucker Carlson - If it was up to the U.N., Saddam Hussein would still be killing his own people.
Tucker Max - The haters always scream the loudest.
Tucker Max - Make no mistake about it: Law school is not a bastion of intellectual discourse.
Tucker Max - No one has probably helped me more with my narcissism than my dog.
Tucker Max - I've come to learn that what really matters is the relationship, the quality of the relationship.
Tucker Max - Helping reproductive services doesn't just help women in isolation. It helps men just as much.
Tucker Max - Publishing companies are like schoolyard bullies that can't even fight well.
Tucker Max - I was not developmentally disabled, but didn't mature at the same rate other kids did.
Tucker Max - Anything that reflects the human condition back on humans in the entertainment medium is art.
Tucker Max - My writing is authentic, and whatever happens in my life is what I write about.
Tucker Max - Whatever your favorite food is, if you eat it every day for a month, you're going to get sick of it.
Twiggy - Fashion should be stylish and fun.
Twiggy - There's no need to dress like everyone else. It's much more fun to create your own look.
Twiggy - For special occasions, I love pretty dresses - but nothing too frou-frou!
Twiggy - I was a very, very shy, insecure teenager.
Twiggy - We all have bits that we don't like, but you don't have to be a size 10 to look wonderful.
Twiggy - Jamie Oliver's books are the best. I love Jamie. Bless him!
Twiggy - Being a grown-up woman doesn't mean you can't look beautiful, individual and different.
Twiggy - The key with a full-skirt shape is to balance it out with a great figure-hugging top.
Twiggy - I love flat shoes, more so than heels. One of my obsessions is men's co-respondent lace-ups.
Twiggy - My weakness is chocolate - especially butterscotch and nut varieties.
Twinkle Khanna - To me, a life that doesn't change things and touch people's lives is pretty meaningless.
Twinkle Khanna - Writing is a way of drifting within my own mind: almost a solitary process, so to speak.
Twinkle Khanna - Do people think women from Bollywood aren't smart?
Twinkle Khanna - I don't take too many things too seriously.
Twinkle Khanna - No one has ever told me that I act badly. It is just that most of the films I did didn't click.
Twinkle Khanna - I would have liked to be Birbal in Akbar's court, but a court jester also suits me just fine.
Twinkle Khanna - I read science fiction every single day of my life. It's my primary love.
Twinkle Khanna - I'm not really as cool and collected as 'Mrs. Funnybones', but she is the woman I want to be.
Twinkle Khanna - I love to eat makhanas, and I always keep a packet in my car.
Twinkle Khanna - Aamir once went behind a rock to cry because his director didn't listen to what he was saying.
Twyla Tharp - Dance is the most fundamental of all art forms.
Twyla Tharp - Art is the only way to run away without leaving home.
Twyla Tharp - This is the strange thing: Dancers don't age.
Twyla Tharp - My dancers expect me to deliver because my choreography represents their livelihood.
Twyla Tharp - I had always seen myself as a star; I wanted to be a galaxy.
Twyla Tharp - Art is an investigation.
Twyla Tharp - Creativity is a habit, and the best creativity is the result of good work habits.
Twyla Tharp - Ultimately there is no such thing as failure. There are lessons learned in different ways.
Twyla Tharp - I think that anyone who's pushed to do the very best that they can is privileged. It's a luxury.
Twyla Tharp - A commission is an invitation to fall in love.
Ty Dolla Sign - If something's dope, you got to go with it.
Ty Dolla Sign - Everybody just wants to steal each other's energy.
Ty Dolla Sign - I never gave up, but a lot of the homies did, and I don't feel sorry for them.
Ty Dolla Sign - Everything happens at the perfect time, man. You may not realize it. But now I do.
Ty Dolla Sign - I am Mr. 'Toot it and Boot It.'
Ty Dolla Sign - Why do we have to have another riot?
Ty Dolla Sign - I'm using my platform to help out a little bit, you know. It's only right.
Ty Dolla Sign - I want to be one of those ones: a legend.
Ty Dolla Sign - I had a kid, so I had to step it up and get that cake.
Ty Dolla Sign - The mass incarceration going on in this country and with my people is crazy.
Tyga - The best career advice I've gotten is to stay focused, keep moving forward.
Tyga - God puts us in places. It's for you to make the decision whether you go left or right.
Tyga - A lot of my fans know that I love candy. I eat candy all day.
Tyga - Girls grab me all the time. To me, that's regular, so it's not really crazy.
Tyga - I make negative music, but I also make positive music because that's what thrown at me with life.
Tyga - I think, whatever makes you happy in life, you gotta do it. You can't plan in life too much.
Tyga - I don't like Drake as a person. He's just fake to me.
Tyga - Alexander Wang, Saint Laurent, Balmain, and Goyard are my designers of choice.
Tyga - I never grew up in the Valley. I lived in Compton/Gardena my whole life.
Tyga - I would say I'm a fan of late '90s to early 2000s rap. That's where I get all my inspiration from.
Tyler Perry - I love to give. I've been a giver all my life.
Tyler Perry - Statistics say that I'm supposed to be in jail. And I'm not supposed to be alive.
Tyler Perry - The key to life when it gets tough is to keep moving. Just keep moving.
Tyler Perry - I know my audience, and they're not people that the studios know anything about.
Tyler Perry - He who has the gold makes the rules.
Tyler Perry - What I've learned is you treat women right.
Tyler Perry - You can never be upset with the people who forced you into your dream or up higher.
Tyler Perry - I've never chased money. It's always been about what I can do to motivate and inspire people.
Tyler Perry - As I experience life and go through things, that's what I write about.
Tyler Perry - I've been doing television with TBS for quite some time, and it's been a great journey.
Tyra Banks - I love the confidence that makeup gives me.
Tyra Banks - I am a businesswoman who goes to work every single day.
Tyra Banks - I don't wake up with naturally sculpted cheekbones - I paint them on!
Tyra Banks - I've had my heart broken one too many times.
Tyra Banks - I used to have this joke: 'Every hallway is a runway.'
Tyra Banks - There's no excuse for rudeness.
Tyra Banks - Black women don't have the same body image problems as white women. They are proud of their bodies.
Tyra Banks - I'm not sure exactly how gossiping about my life with my audience really helps them.
Tyra Banks - My mom never taught me to be waiting for some prince on a white horse to swipe me off my feet.
Tyra Banks - You can't model for the rest of your life, so it is important to diversify your career.
Uday Kotak - I am a believer in the journey and enjoying the journey.
Uday Kotak - If what you create does not outlive you, then you have failed.
Uday Kotak - There's no harm being a copycat. If someone else is doing a good job, copy. It's free.
Uday Kotak - The single biggest resource India has is people and skill.
Uday Kotak - In a marathon, if you run too fast, you get exhausted. If you run too slow, you never make it.
Uday Kotak - It's true that I have always been very comfortable with numbers.
Uday Kotak - I would have loved to have been a cricketer.
Uday Kotak - There is socialism in the family that conflicts with meritocracy. And that bothered me.
Uday Kotak - Technology is an enabler; you have to be at the cutting edge of technology - there is no choice.
Uday Kotak - Foreign investors are looking for a consistent and stable policy in India.
Ulysses S. Grant - My failures have been errors in judgment, not of intent.
Ulysses S. Grant - I have never advocated war except as a means of peace.
Ulysses S. Grant - I know only two tunes: one of them is 'Yankee Doodle', and the other isn't.
Ulysses S. Grant - Labor disgraces no man; unfortunately, you occasionally find men who disgrace labor.
Ulysses S. Grant - Nations, like individuals, are punished for their transgressions.
Ulysses S. Grant - Let us have peace.
Ulysses S. Grant - If men make war in slavish obedience to rules, they will fail.
Ulysses S. Grant - I propose to fight it out on this line if it takes all summer.
Ulysses S. Grant - If you see the President, tell him from me that whatever happens there will be no turning back.
Ulysses S. Grant - I have nothing to do with opinions. I deal only with armed rebellion and its aiders and abettors.
Uma Thurman - Tall, sandy blonde, with sort of blue eyes, skinny in places, fat in others. An average gal.
Uma Thurman - My washing machine overwhelms me with its options and its sophistication.
Uma Thurman - Even, today, when people tell me I'm beautiful, I do not believe a word of it.
Uma Thurman - We never left a set until we'd trashed it.
Uma Thurman - I've learned that every working mom is a superwoman.
Uma Thurman - I love and adore being a mother. It's the greatest gift I've ever been given.
Uma Thurman - I never ever slept again after my first pregnancy.
Uma Thurman - I grew up in a mostly Buddhist environment.
Uma Thurman - I was an escapee of childhood. I always wanted to grow up.
Uma Thurman - I would love to do something like Austin Powers to show off my comic timing.
Umberto Eco - The real hero is always a hero by mistake; he dreams of being an honest coward like everybody else.
Umberto Eco - Our life is full of empty space.
Umberto Eco - Because of lies, we can produce and invent a possible world.
Umberto Eco - Translation is the art of failure.
Umberto Eco - What does culture want? To make infinity comprehensible.
Umberto Eco - The United States needed a civil war to unite properly.
Umberto Eco - I think of myself as a serious professor who, during the weekend, writes novels.
Umberto Eco - Better reality than a dream: if something is real, then it's real and you're not to blame.
Umberto Eco - Nothing gives a fearful man more courage than another's fear.
Umberto Eco - We have a limit, a very discouraging, humiliating limit: death.
Unknown - The past cannot be changed. The future is yet in your power.
Unknown - Turn your face to the sun and the shadows fall behind you.
Unknown - The way is not in the sky. The way is in the heart.
Unknown - In a time of universal deceit - telling the truth is a revolutionary act.
Unknown - Women are like teabags. We don't know our true strength until we are in hot water!
Unknown - Everybody wants to go to heaven, but nobody wants to die.
Unknown - He was a wise man who invented beer.
Unknown - Never ascribe to malice that which is adequately explained by incompetence.
Unknown - A picture is worth a thousand words.
Unknown - The secret to creativity is knowing how to hide your sources.
Ursula Andress - This bikini made me a success.
Ursula Andress - Collecting is my joy; it gives me great satisfaction.
Ursula Andress - Collecting is my passion.
Ursula Andress - Everything is a piece of me, a moment of my life.
Ursula Andress - I don't use my body to seduce, no. I just stand there.
Ursula Andress - I love everything that's beautiful. A lot of things.
Ursula Andress - I mostly gave away what I had from the James Bond movie.
Ursula Andress - I take care of my flowers and my cats. And enjoy food. And that's living.
Ursula Andress - I wanted to be a decorator. I wanted to interior design homes and do everything myself.
Ursula Andress - It's going to be over soon, so I don't really have time to get busy.
Ursula K. Le Guin - To light a candle is to cast a shadow.
Ursula K. Le Guin - It is good to have an end to journey toward, but it is the journey that matters in the end.
Ursula K. Le Guin - Morning comes whether you set the alarm or not.
Ursula K. Le Guin - If science fiction is the mythology of modern technology, then its myth is tragic.
Ursula K. Le Guin - What sane person could live in this world and not be crazy?
Ursula K. Le Guin - I've got some gift for languages. You follow your gift. But Latin's not easy.
Ursula K. Le Guin - There are no right answers to wrong questions.
Ursula K. Le Guin - When action grows unprofitable, gather information; when information grows unprofitable, sleep.
Ursula K. Le Guin - It is above all by the imagination that we achieve perception and compassion and hope.
Ursula K. Le Guin - The only questions that really matter are the ones you ask yourself.
Usain Bolt - A lot of legends, a lot of people, have come before me. But this is my time.
Usain Bolt - I don't think limits.
Usain Bolt - There are better starters than me but I'm a strong finisher.
Usain Bolt - Repeating is harder than anything else.
Usain Bolt - I don't like losing anyways.
Usain Bolt - When people see your personality come out, they feel so good, like they actually know who you are.
Usain Bolt - Come on... when you're running, if you see you're going to win, you're going to celebrate.
Usain Bolt - My name is Bolt, Lightning Bolt.
Usain Bolt - I work hard, and I do good, and I'm going to enjoy myself. I'm not going to let you restrict me.
Usain Bolt - As long as I'm in great shape, nobody beats me, for sure.
Usher - I'm a flamboyant type of guy, a cooler version of Liberace.
Usher - The best present a man can give a woman is his undivided attention.
Usher - Sleeping is forbidden at the age of 22. It's all work and no play.
Usher - Down time is not the name of the game.
Usher - Strivers achieve what dreamers believe.
Usher - I like a woman who takes care of herself - it says something about the way she'll care for me.
Usher - My philosophy is I'm raising future adults, not children.
Usher - You can't fake being a star. But you can also become a great personality.
Usher - I've learnt that you are who you are, and in the end, if you don't believe it, then no one will.
Usher - My idea of artistry has always been 'try everything until you find out what works.'
Uta Hagen - I won't go to England because they won't let my dog in.
Uta Hagen - Working with Brando was fun. It was like a tennis match. We played unbelievably well together.
Uta Hagen - I'm a bad liar; I don't know what to say backstage.
Uta Hagen - If you want a bourgeois existence, you shouldn't be an actor. You're in the wrong profession.
Uta Hagen - Awards don't really mean much.
Uta Hagen - I have disassociated myself from that book.
Uta Hagen - I love going to the movies; I love watching good movie actors. They must know something I don't.
Uta Hagen - I love playing Chekhov. That's the hardest; that's why I love it most.
Uta Hagen - Marlon was so sensitive, you thought the poor guy just had a bad education.
Uta Hagen - Maybe the one I enjoyed playing most was A Month in the Country.
Utada Hikaru - I'm not like a gorgeous bombshell or anything like that.
Utada Hikaru - The world is in motion, as it seems.
Utada Hikaru - Americans are somehow obsessed with her, and something about me hit a spot with people in Japan.
Utada Hikaru - I get strangely obsessed about the cleanliness of my house.
Utada Hikaru - I squeeze oranges every morning to make juice.
Utada Hikaru - There really aren't any completely Asian people singing right now.
Utada Hikaru - For me, it's an experiment to see what people are gonna think of it.
Utada Hikaru - I can never really enjoy being famous.
Utada Hikaru - When people ask me exactly how much time I spend in each country, I always tell them I have no idea.
Utada Hikaru - In Japan, people don't really sing about sexual content.
Uwe Boll - Interview with a Vampire was lots of sex, so I'm not sure.
Uwe Boll - Homer is the nice side of Al Bundy with the same intellect. I really like him and Al Bundy.
Uwe Boll - I think the Matrix effect is over-used and I don't do it anymore.
Uwe Boll - My favourite game is Postal because it is so politically incorrect.
Uwe Boll - I boxed 15 years in a club.
Uwe Boll - If people hate me they hate me.
Uwe Boll - I produce for a low price and I sell it on my own to 80 countries.
Uwe Boll - Actors don't have real value.
Uwe Boll - Alone is a much better film than House of the Dead and better than most horror movies out today.
Uwe Boll - I play PC and Xbox games at home, and I just got a PSP as a birthday present.
V. S. Naipaul - It is important not to trust people too much.
V. S. Naipaul - I know my father and my mother, but beyond that I cannot go. My ancestry is blurred.
V. S. Naipaul - My life is short. I can't listen to banality.
V. S. Naipaul - The world is always in movement.
V. S. Naipaul - I grew up in a small place and left it when I was quite young and entered the bigger world.
V. S. Naipaul - But everything of value about me is in my books.
V. S. Naipaul - The biography of a writer - or even the autobiography - will always have this incompleteness.
V. S. Naipaul - What was past was past. I suppose that was the general attitude.
V. S. Naipaul - I read a piece of writing and within a paragraph or two I know whether it is by a woman or not.
V. S. Naipaul - If ever you wish to meet intellectual frauds in quantity, go to Paris.
Val Kilmer - Without deadlines and restrictions I just tend to become preoccupied with other things.
Val Kilmer - It's the first time that I've ever had an art show based on a film, but it's a photography collage.
Val Kilmer - Mark Twain is as big as America. He really is.
Val Kilmer - My perception is that I've never done anything but work really hard.
Val Kilmer - Why do women get paid less money? It doesn't make any sense.
Val Kilmer - Mark Twain had a way of telling stories that shifts your consciousness away from labels.
Val Kilmer - Daryl Hannah likes to goof around with fashion, but she does have pretty impeccable taste.
Val Kilmer - I am not an American; I am the American.
Val Kilmer - If you look up the definition of news in the dictionary, it isn't what you watch on TV.
Val Kilmer - The first play I saw was a Samuel Beckett play which was great.
Valentino Rossi - Riding a race bike is an art - a thing that you do because you feel something inside.
Valentino Rossi - Maybe the bike is more dangerous, but the passion for the car for me is second to the bike.
Valentino Rossi - I race to win. If I am on the bike or in a car it will always be the same.
Valentino Rossi - To be a great motorbike racer, the most important thing is passion for the bike.
Valentino Rossi - My normal life is like being on holiday.
Valentino Rossi - I don't like being famous - it is like a prison. And driving for Ferrari would make it far worse.
Valentino Rossi - How do Ferrari know what I'm doing next year when I don't know what I'm doing next week?
Valentino Rossi - I would have probably stolen cars - it would have given me the same adrenaline rush as racing.
Valentino Rossi - I always enjoyed myself a lot in pre-school.
Valentino Rossi - I'm Valentino Rossi. And I want to be a person, not an icon.
Valerie Bertinelli - Honesty is very sexy.
Valerie Bertinelli - There's going to be stress in life, but it's your choice whether to let it affect you or not.
Valerie Bertinelli - I'm a food addict, that's my downfall.
Valerie Bertinelli - My eyes aren't special, my nose isn't special, my mouth isn't special.
Valerie Bertinelli - The only things I really love about myself physically are my ankles and my hair.
Valerie Bertinelli - I thought, If I'm so afraid of a bikini, there's something wrong. And so I had to get back into one!
Valerie Bertinelli - We all have our painful pasts we have to get through.
Valerie Bertinelli - I have faith in faith. God is there, whether we have faith or not, so why not have faith in him?
Valerie Bertinelli - Ed is very sexy because his emotions are really there - not forced.
Valerie Bertinelli - I'm a full-time mom right now and a part-time actress.
Vanessa Bayer - There are just so many funny kids and teenagers. They're just not aware of how funny they are.
Vanessa Bayer - Being sick is the reason I went into comedy.
Vanessa Bayer - With 'Trainwreck,' because it wasn't live and we could do more takes, I feel like we broke a lot.
Vanessa Bayer - People think New York is crazy and busy, but it's actually a great place for lazy people to live.
Vanessa Bayer - I usually meditate twice a day: Transcendental Meditation.
Vanessa Bayer - I can stay up watching TV so late.
Vanessa Bayer - I sleep a lot on Sunday. It's really great.
Vanessa Bayer - There always have been funny women.
Vanessa Bayer - Cleveland gets crapped on a lot.
Vanessa Bayer - The longer you're on a show like 'SNL,' the less frequent the Google alerts become.
Vanessa Hudgens - Being cool is being your own self, not doing something that someone else is telling you to do.
Vanessa Hudgens - You have to be able to love yourself because that's when things fall into place.
Vanessa Hudgens - So many people try to grow up too fast, and it's not fun! You should stay a kid as long as possible!
Vanessa Hudgens - I get to go to all these beautiful places, so it's nice being able to take pictures of it.
Vanessa Hudgens - Confidence is key. Sometimes, you need to look like you're confident even when you're not.
Vanessa Hudgens - Do not just look at your boyfriend as just a boyfriend. Look at him as a friend, too.
Vanessa Hudgens - I don't go long without eating. I never starve myself: I grab a healthy snack.
Vanessa Hudgens - I have three closets in my bedroom.
Vanessa Hudgens - I like someone who's not afraid to be a kid!
Vanessa Hudgens - I love funky styles. Not preppy or rock, just funky!
Vanessa Mae - I will be the Thai equivalent of Eddie the Eagle.
Vanessa Mae - Violin playing is a physical art with great traditions behind it.
Vanessa Mae - In an ideal world, I'd spend every weekend at my home in Zermatt in Switzerland.
Vanessa Mae - Beethoven and Beatles, Mozart and Michael Jackson, Paganini and Prince - I like them all.
Vanessa Mae - But I still think it's mind over matter in the sense that if you're strong, you can combat anything.
Vanessa Mae - Music is about the performance.
Vanessa Mae - But I don't think I've grown up to be a damaged adult.
Vanessa Mae - All the time I'm changing as an artist and as a person.
Vanessa Mae - I don't mind about the boos from the audience.
Vanessa Mae - Music will always be my greatest passion.
Vanessa Paradis - Life is like the ocean, it goes up and down.
Vanessa Paradis - I realize how unique my path has been. And I'm thankful for that.
Vanessa Paradis - Love is the strongest and most fragile thing we have in life.
Vanessa Paradis - I don't have the recipe for happiness, but I think the engine is simply having the desire.
Vanessa Paradis - I hate, for example, whenever you hear someone say, 'You have work at being a couple.'
Vanessa Paradis - I liked to play dress-up.
Vanessa Paradis - When you meet the love of your life, it's just obvious and natural and easier.
Vanessa Paradis - Fear can make all of us do the wrong things sometimes.
Vanessa Paradis - My daughter loves singing above all else.
Vanessa Paradis - I mostly want to be friends with my children.
Vanilla Ice - I don't have any reason to hate anybody; I believe in good karma and spreading good energy.
Vanilla Ice - Negativity spreads faster than any Justin Bieber song.
Vanilla Ice - I'm a Christian, but I don't believe in religion or anything like that.
Vanilla Ice - It wasn't until '94 when I tried to commit suicide that I realized that it wasn't about the money.
Vanilla Ice - I have been known to hang out and party back in the day. I had a weekend that lasted a few years.
Vanilla Ice - Show me a smile, and I'll show you one back.
Vanilla Ice - Rap is from the streets and I'm from the streets. That's why a lot of people accept me.
Vanilla Ice - I've never met anybody in this world like me.
Vanilla Ice - Learn from my mistakes and you don't have to make them yourself.
Vanilla Ice - Even in a bad market, location, location, location is a way to still buy and sell property.
Vanity - Every day, I wake up and say, 'Good Morning, Jesus.'
Vanity - A girl's best friend is her pride.
Vanity - I repent daily my sins, my faults, and my shortcomings.
Vanity - Getting past my past... was a process, a very serious process indeed.
Vanity - I sing to Jesus for Jesus now. This gives me pure joy... worship!
Vanity - I apologize profusely to those I have offended deeply a million times over.
Vanity - According to God's word, we haven't done a very good job concerning our little ones, nor our teens.
Vanity - 'Vanity' means worthlessness.
Vanity - Vanity was a joke. She was an image created to make money.
Vanity - I'm totally comfortable with myself.
Venus Williams - I don't focus on what I'm up against. I focus on my goals and I try to ignore the rest.
Venus Williams - Of course, I want to be number one. But being happy and healthy is the most important thing.
Venus Williams - Interior design is a business of trust.
Venus Williams - I tend to be slim and you know, I actually can lose weight quicker than I can gain it.
Venus Williams - It wasn't like I was self-motivated. My dad started me. It was his dream before it was mine.
Venus Williams - I guess rumors are more exciting than the truth.
Venus Williams - Everyone makes their own comments. That's how rumors get started.
Venus Williams - I've always found the rain very calming.
Venus Williams - If you're not a competitor, you've just got to go home.
Venus Williams - 'Oh and Oh' is a tennis term... It's a nice way of saying you took your opponent to pieces.
Vera Farmiga - I'm part wood nymph. I require mountains and warm, dense patches of moss to thrive.
Vera Farmiga - I look for struggle in the roles I choose - struggle and perseverance.
Vera Farmiga - I have the best husband a wife could possibly have. He's the best father my children could have.
Vera Farmiga - Sometimes I attract roles that are necessary either for personal growth or enlightenment.
Vera Farmiga - I didn't grow up watching film but as a Ukrainian-American, music and stories and dance are crucial.
Vera Farmiga - Editing is not a part of the filmmaking process I've ever been privy to as an actress.
Vera Farmiga - Normally, I rely heavily on my director to massage me out of my actor comfort zones.
Vera Farmiga - In the quiet moments, the discoveries are made.
Vera Farmiga - I think maybe I was a shepherdess in a past life.
Vera Farmiga - I'm from the school of, 'if you want more, you have to require more from yourself.'
Vera Wang - Success isn't about the end result, it's about what you learn along the way.
Vera Wang - A woman is never sexier than when she is comfortable in her clothes.
Vera Wang - As the mother of two daughters, I have great respect for women. And I don't ever want to lose that.
Vera Wang - My mother was extremely controlled, sort of flawless. And I always tend to be a bit more hippie.
Vera Wang - It's hard to balance everything. It's always challenging.
Vera Wang - I'm not really a girl who likes to go out to lunch or cocktails or store openings.
Vera Wang - I like the gritty parts of fashion, the design, the studio, the pictures.
Vera Wang - Fashion to me has become very disposable; I wanted to get back to craft, to clothes that could last.
Vera Wang - They never ask the celebrities why they don't wear their own clothes on the red carpet.
Vera Wang - All I did my first year at Vogue was Xerox.
Verne Troyer - Doing stunt work is risky, but it's something I enjoy.
Verne Troyer - I'm a big sports fan. College football is my favorite.
Verne Troyer - What I really enjoy the most is seeing what the crowd likes. I enjoy making people laugh.
Verne Troyer - There's nobody else that can double me - except for a doll.
Verne Troyer - People have a good time with all the catch phrases.
Verne Troyer - Now I get to pick and choose exactly what I want to do.
Verne Troyer - Me being able to beat up Austin Powers? I mean, how great can that be?
Verne Troyer - In the film, I'm not very mobile, like in the space suit.
Verne Troyer - In Men in Black, it was a very small character, no pun intended.
Verne Troyer - In high school and college all my friends and my brother wrestled.
Vernon Howard - You have succeeded in life when all you really want is only what you really need.
Vernon Howard - Our freedom can be measured by the number of things we can walk away from.
Vernon Howard - Just be honest with yourself. That opens the door.
Vernon Howard - To change what you get you must change who you are.
Vernon Howard - Learn to see things as they really are, not as we imagine they are.
Vernon Howard - Truth is not a matter of personal viewpoint.
Vernon Howard - We are exactly where we have chosen to be.
Vernon Howard - Beauty is only skin deep, but it's a valuable asset if you're poor or haven't any sense.
Vernon Howard - We clearly realize that freedom's inner kingdom cannot be touched by exterior attacks.
Vernon Howard - It is a true miracle when a man finally sees himself as his only opposition.
Vicente Fox - Instead of building walls, we should be building bridges.
Vicente Fox - Prohibition didn't work in the Garden of Eden. Adam ate the apple.
Vicente Fox - I am the guardian of power, not its owner.
Vicente Fox - We would betray Mexicans' hopes for change if we felt satisfied with what we've accomplished so far.
Vicente Fox - I think there's a big misunderstanding on the value of migrants.
Vicente Fox - Every idea has its time.
Vicente Fox - Let me tell you that I love the United States.
Vicente Fox - We are not going to build a pressure in Mexico. We're not building walls to retain our people.
Vicente Fox - Usually Mexico, or always Mexico has defended itself and its territory.
Vicente Fox - Our number one priority is to spend every peso possible to include those who are currently excluded.
Vicki Lawrence - That's my opportunity to hide behind that old lady and say what I want to say.
Vicki Lawrence - Life is much too serious to be taken seriously.
Vicki Lawrence - I wanted to study to be a dental hygienist, marry a rich dentist, and hang it up.
Vicki Lawrence - I think it's time for people to stop being so serious about everything.
Vicki Lawrence - I love to cook. I'm a sailor. And I was the eighth-grade ping-pong champion.
Vicki Lawrence - I found that I need to work, and I wouldn't have known that if I hadn't taken the time off.
Vicki Lawrence - The fun part for me is to just really push that envelope.
Vicki Lawrence - Things have always sort of happened for me. Something else always comes up.
Vicki Lawrence - I always tell people I went to the Harvard School of Comedy in front of America.
Vicki Lawrence - I was married for 10 minutes into a Southern family.
Victor Cruz - I've had the same barber since I was about 14 years old.
Victor Cruz - I couldn't care less about what anybody else has to say.
Victor Cruz - At the end of the day, there are people out there that want to see you fail.
Victor Cruz - I knew what type of player I was: a free agent, a small kid who came from a small school.
Victor Cruz - I never dreamed about being a millionaire - I dreamed about being a football player.
Victor Cruz - I don't need any nicknames.
Victor Cruz - I kinda wanted to play receiver more.
Victor Cruz - I just want to continue to play football and be myself.
Victor Cruz - I want to win football games.
Victor Cruz - Never in a million years would I think I'd play in a Super Bowl.
Victor Garber - Being on a television series is sort of life-altering on every level.
Victor Garber - I believe that acting in any medium is the same thing, it's discovering the truth in where you are.
Victor Garber - I had done some TV movies that were great experiences but, no, I wasn't looking to do a series.
Victor Garber - I have no interest in directing. I've no talent for it.
Victor Garber - I think from a very young age I always have this desire to perform.
Victor Garber - I'm very serious about acting.
Victor Garber - If you were to come to the set of Alias, you'd know how silly we all are. And I mean, silly.
Victor Garber - My mother couldn't have been happier when I said I was moving to New York.
Victor Garber - The hardest thing for me is not to keep laughing. Jennifer particularly is like a clown.
Victor Garber - The stage is where I feel most comfortable, and I miss it all the time.
Victor LaValle - Lonely women destroy themselves; lonely men threaten the world.
Victor LaValle - When I find the right information, the Web is a blessing; when I don't, it's a distraction.
Victor LaValle - My three obsessions are mental illness, horror and religion.
Victor LaValle - Fear warps our understanding of reality and even our ability to see reality clearly.
Victor LaValle - I know that many authors say editors don't edit anymore, but that's not been true in my experience.
Victor LaValle - Try imagining James Joyce not writing about being a Catholic.
Victor LaValle - It's tough to write beautifully about ugly things, but Mitchell S. Jackson makes it look easy.
Victor LaValle - I spend lots of time on the Web, some of it even useful.
Victor LaValle - In the end, what's any good reader really hoping for? That spark. That spell. That journey.
Victor LaValle - 'The Sundial' is written with the kind of humor that would make a guillotine laugh.
Victor Ponta - Romania strongly supports Turkey's E.U. accession.
Victor Ponta - Reducing debt through budgetary consolidation is essential to restoring Europe's financial health.
Victor Ponta - My government has promised to comprehensively respect the independence of the judiciary.
Victor Ponta - NATO remains the cornerstone of Atlantic security.
Victor Ponta - Uncertainty is normal in the first few days of a new government.
Victor Ponta - All children should have equal opportunities.
Victor Ponta - I am a committed European; a united Europe is Romania's future.
Victor Ponta - You should see all the negative things that the Romanian press writes about me.
Victor Ponta - There is no breach of European rules committed by companies from Romania or on Romanian territory.
Victor Ponta - Poland is much more advanced than Romania in structural reforms.
Victoria Abril - Keep your ears open, your eyes open, grab everything you can, react, and learn!
Victoria Abril - You can fake your age or mask it, but the passion that moves the characters has to be real.
Victoria Abril - I like men with some belly who are a little over the hill.
Victoria Abril - My only friends were boys, and I was just one more of them.
Victoria Abril - I'd heard it was dangerous to walk around Miami.
Victoria Abril - My current companion, Gerard de Battista, is the father of my two sons.
Victoria Abril - My first vocation was dance.
Victoria Abril - People love coming on television, even if they have to show their miseries.
Victoria Abril - Psychiatrists don't solve anything from one day to the next.
Victoria Abril - The director had come to Madrid to court me.
Victoria Azarenka - My grandmother is the person who inspires me the most.
Victoria Azarenka - I'll never be like a Barbie girl, that's for sure.
Victoria Azarenka - You cannot be in pretend for people to like you.
Victoria Azarenka - I have learned how to better handle things as they come.
Victoria Azarenka - I just want to have fun.
Victoria Azarenka - I don't really care how I sound.
Victoria Azarenka - I'm always honest.
Victoria Azarenka - I like to go shopping, to the movies, all the girl stuff. Just a normal girl.
Victoria Azarenka - I feel like when the task is more difficult for me it's more exciting.
Victoria Azarenka - I always take things step by step and match by match.
Victoria Beckham - I have always loved fashion since I was a kid and customized my school uniforms.
Victoria Beckham - I'm very realistic. I know my boundaries - I know what I'm good at and what I'm not good at.
Victoria Beckham - I want a big house with a moat and dragons and a fort to keep people out.
Victoria Beckham - I love fashion, and that's how I express myself.
Victoria Beckham - If you haven't got it. Fake it! Too short? Wear big high heels, but do practice walking!
Victoria Beckham - I keep fit by running after my three boys all day.
Victoria Beckham - I'm not materialistic. I believe in presents from the heart, like a drawing that a child does.
Victoria Beckham - I'm very proud to be British, and my brand is British.
Victoria Beckham - I am a control freak. I am very hands on and pay attention to details.
Victoria Beckham - My aim is to create the perfect dress!
Victoria Jackson - I always dreamed of being Maria in The Sound of Music.
Victoria Jackson - Because I hate fake people and I always think I'm never fake.
Victoria Jackson - Sometimes I like to vent.
Victoria Jackson - I remember going to church about four times a week. I liked it a lot.
Victoria Jackson - Maybe entertainment is not supposed to be reality.
Victoria Jackson - I've had a lot of struggles and I would be in a lot of trouble, I think, if I wasn't a Christian.
Victoria Jackson - I think abortion is murder.
Victoria Jackson - They're desperately searching for meaning in their lives but they will not crack the Bible open.
Victoria Jackson - It doesn't make your life stop being fun to be a Christian.
Victoria Jackson - I've never been in the music industry, only acting.
Victoria Justice - It's nice to just embrace the natural beauty within you.
Victoria Justice - Everyone wants me to be perfect, but I am so far from perfect!
Victoria Justice - So many girls only care about guys and looking good all the time.
Victoria Justice - You have to be able to unleash your inner goofball with me.
Victoria Justice - I love fashion and there is no easier way to express yourself than through the clothes you wear.
Victoria Justice - I don't have to wear any other makeup as long as I have blush.
Victoria Justice - I like to dress for my body type and for my coloring.
Victoria Justice - I think prom is just about enjoying yourself.
Victoria Justice - Guys don't like girls that throw themselves at them. That's something that I've learned.
Victoria Justice - I don't want to be the type of person to have my relationships plastered in magazines.
Victoria Moran - I'm not perfect, but what's wonderful about eating a plant-based diet is, I don't have to be.
Victoria Moran - We all live with blinders on. They come with having a personal vantage point.
Victoria Moran - I'm a big believer in living life as an extended working vacation.
Victoria Moran - Beauty at 70 years old isn't the same as beauty at 20 years old, but it is stunning nonetheless.
Victoria Moran - On the issue of abortion, I'm ever on the fence, or, at most, an inch or two to either side.
Victoria Moran - My calling, as one imperfect human, is to celebrate and uphold life every time I get the chance.
Victoria Moran - You're supposed to be using your gifts and fulfilling your dreams, at every age.
Victoria Moran - Recreational shopping is the shortest distance between two points: you and broke.
Victoria Moran - Moderation is actually the flip side of dieting, that is, imposed deprivation.
Victoria Moran - I have to strive to go two steps forward and realize that, sometimes, there will be one step back.
Victoria Pendleton - I worried I was a boyish shape. I always thought I might grow some, but it never happened.
Victoria Pendleton - I'm definitely capable of just enjoying riding my bike these days.
Victoria Pendleton - There have been a lot of moments in my career when things haven't gone to plan.
Victoria Pendleton - I naturally favour a clean, healthy diet. A salad sandwich is one of my favourite meals!
Victoria Pendleton - The sprint is sometimes like a toss of a coin. Sometimes it's heads, and sometimes it's tails.
Victoria Pendleton - I think I might become a pescatarian. I love sushi, couldn't give it up.
Victoria Pendleton - Winning is no longer just the outcome. It's part of the process.
Victoria Pendleton - Oh, I am an angel, though sometimes I wish I was more of a devil.
Victoria Pendleton - The sponsorship offers have been amazing. I have to turn down a lot.
Victoria Pendleton - My success has got so great, it's like I'm trapped, almost, within it.
Victoria Pratt - I came to acting in a very circuitous way.
Victoria Pratt - It's all about exploring the more unpredictable aspects in the character, not just fighting people.
Victoria Pratt - I competed in track for 10 years and have been doing kickboxing forever.
Victoria Pratt - When you're fighting with a stunt person, your intent is to miss.
Victoria Pratt - There are a lot of great actresses out there. You learn to appreciate each one for what they offer.
Victoria Pratt - When I was in university, my dream was to be a coach, like a high school track coach. Not to teach.
Victoria Pratt - I think I've paid my dues. I've really put in a lot of time on set.
Victoria Pratt - I can't say that I've made the transition to movies.
Victoria Pratt - I've been really fortunate to go from series to series to series.
Victoria Pratt - I would be very happy doing movies. I love to work and I think I'm a little different.
Victoria Principal - I went to a woman for advice about how to be in business, but I learned a great deal from men.
Victoria Principal - I got even with all the bad management I had by being a good manager.
Victoria Principal - Don't strive to be perfect. Strive for excellence.
Victoria Principal - You can't be responsible for the way people respond to you. You're only responsible for yourself.
Victoria Principal - I believe that how you feel is very important to how you look - that healthy equals beautiful.
Victoria Principal - Unless we keep this planet healthy, everything else is for naught.
Victoria Principal - Ignorance is not bliss, but in my case, that was.
Victoria Principal - As long as my body is in shape, my mind is working at its full capacity.
Victoria Principal - I grew up thinking that whatever I wanted to do, I could do.
Victoria Principal - I went to find myself and save myself by being an agent.
Victoria Woodhull - While others prayed for the good time coming, I worked for it.
Victoria Woodhull - By what right do you refuse to accept the vote of a citizen of the United States?
Victoria Woodhull - Is it fair to treat a woman worse than a man, and then revile her because she is a woman?
Victoria Woodhull - I shall not change my course because those who assume to be better than I desire it.
Victoria Woodhull - Woman, no less than man, can qualify herself for the more onerous occupations of life.
Victoria Woodhull - To go behind a man's hall-door is mean, cowardly, unfair opposition.
Victoria Woodhull - My judges preach against free love openly, practice it secretly.
Victoria Woodhull - I endeavor to make the most of everything.
Victoria Woodhull - Denounce me for advocating freedom if you can, and I will bear your curse with a better resignation.
Victoria Woodhull - Women have no government.
Vidal Sassoon - It's okay saying sorry, but when you are drunk you say what you really feel.
Vidal Sassoon - If you have a sense of style and purpose and will you don't want to compromise.
Vidal Sassoon - I was all about my thoughts, my work, my inspiration. I was always in hair.
Vidal Sassoon - You must always do what you feel is right.
Vidal Sassoon - The essence is, what can we do next? And will it be good?
Vidal Sassoon - If you don't look good, we don't look good.
Vidal Sassoon - My greatest regret is selling my company.
Vidal Sassoon - Everything about morality and obligations I owe to football.
Vidal Sassoon - Judaism is important to me from a tribal point of view.
Vidal Sassoon - Capri on the Amalfi Coast in Italy is my ultimate holiday destination.
Vidya Balan - I think a woman should be wholesome, voluptuous and sizzling!
Vidya Balan - I take one day at a time. I am not someone to define my goals.
Vidya Balan - I'm someone who believes in 'live and let live,' and that applies to everything.
Vidya Balan - I think the beautiful thing about the past is that it leads you to the present.
Vidya Balan - I don't bother about how people feel about me. What matters to me is how I feel about them.
Vidya Balan - Women need to learn to value themselves. But that has to be inculcated in men as much as women.
Vidya Balan - Thumbs up to the buxom woman. Size zero is boring!
Vidya Balan - I was a happy person before marriage. I'm definitely happier after marriage.
Vidya Balan - Marriage is something I'd recommend everyone to try, if you find the right person, of course.
Vidya Balan - I can't cook to save my life.
Viggo Mortensen - I like stories that leave you wanting more, leave you wondering, but don't tell you everything.
Viggo Mortensen - I'm not that involved in personal grooming. But I try not to be offensive to people.
Viggo Mortensen - In a movie, you're raw material, just a hue of some color and the director makes the painting.
Viggo Mortensen - Jung viewed Freud as a mentor, but he never wanted to be anybody's disciple.
Viggo Mortensen - I have no idea what 'method actor' means.
Viggo Mortensen - I have a work ethic. If I say I'm going to do something, I do it.
Viggo Mortensen - I don't like the 'must', the 'always', and the 'never' words. I don't like 'no' either.
Viggo Mortensen - There's no sense in doing something, especially if it's a hard job, if you can't have a little fun.
Viggo Mortensen - Life is short and the older you get, the more you feel it. Indeed, the shorter it is.
Viggo Mortensen - The Holocaust movie is almost a genre in itself these days.
Vijay Mallya - I live the way I want to live, and I don't comment on the way that other people live.
Vijay Mallya - I live life what I consider to be normal.
Vijay Mallya - I do not believe in hypocrisy.
Vijay Mallya - Whenever I do something, it is rooted in the Indian opportunity.
Vijay Mallya - Rather than spend millions getting film stars, I am quite happy to be brand ambassador myself.
Vijay Mallya - Our culture in India is not a culture where we grudge each other.
Vijay Mallya - It's not quite right to be sitting outside India and to be judging what is happening in India.
Vijay Mallya - I am pretty tough as a boss.
Vijay Mallya - India has given me everything. It has made me Vijay Mallya.
Vijay Mallya - I spend my own money, not other people's money.
Vikas Swarup - The slums are not a place of despair. Its inhabitants are all working towards a better life.
Vikas Swarup - I want to show that the underdog can win. I believe we're all the same: you, a slum girl, my mother.
Vikas Swarup - I am neither a Bengali nor am I from Delhi's St Stephen's. I am an Allahabad boy.
Vikas Swarup - Mumbai may not be my city. But it is my kind of city.
Vikas Swarup - Sometimes street knowledge can be as important as book knowledge.
Vikas Swarup - Global terror does not respect national boundaries.
Vikas Swarup - I don't look at myself as a writer; I am a storyteller.
Vikas Swarup - I became completely addicted to 'Angry Birds' for a while.
Vikas Swarup - I am not into the unrealistic realm of magic realism where birds talk.
Vikas Swarup - The writer's is an interior world, a world of the mind.
Vikram Seth - The thing about inspiration is that it takes your mind off everything else.
Vikram Seth - My main motivation is not to get bored. I'm just hoping I get a vaguely maverick reputation.
Vikram Seth - I need my natural laziness to be counteracted by obsession in order to do anything.
Vikram Seth - I don't think anyone should be banned. If you don't like a book, set it aside.
Vikram Seth - I am certainly not allergic to causes - particularly on subjects such as religious intolerance.
Vikram Seth - I'm not sure anyone can understand a whole life, even their own.
Vikram Seth - Good music is good music, but it has to be good.
Vikram Seth - You can talk good ideas out of existence.
Vikram Seth - I think goodness is about how person behaves to person, and also person to world, to nature.
Vikram Seth - Dear though the reader might be, I'd be silly to cater to what the reader wanted.
Viktor Orban - The best migrant is the migrant who does not come.
Viktor Orban - We should involve the whole world in the handling of this refugee crisis.
Viktor Orban - Europe and European identity is rooted in Christianity.
Viktor Orban - We cannot let Brussels put itself above the law.
Viktor Orban - We don't go against the will of the people.
Viktor Orban - There is a clear link between illegal migrants coming to Europe and the spread of terrorism.
Viktor Orban - Donald Trump has made it clear that he regards Hungary highly.
Viktor Orban - The most important thing is to defend the euro.
Viktor Orban - The strongest institution in the hands of the European Union is the euro.
Viktor Orban - The euro must be defended, or uncertainty about the European Union will be widespread.
Ville Valo - Art is always criticized and always an outsider gets the blame.
Ville Valo - I've always been a huge reggae fan.
Ville Valo - Love is the funeral of hearts.
Ville Valo - I'm a collecting maniac and I buy a lot of books and records. I have over thousand cds.
Ville Valo - I'm a huge fan of James Dean, that got me started. Nowadays I smoke four packs in a day.
Ville Valo - I'm living my dream right now. I get to make music, perform and travel.
Ville Valo - Women are always beautiful.
Ville Valo - Even at school I studied ethics instead of religion.
Ville Valo - I have never acted in one and I'm not at all interested to do so either.
Ville Valo - I love Johnny Cash but I don't love country music that much.
Vince Flynn - I'm a bit of a Libertarian.
Vince Flynn - My doctors warned me repeatedly that if you don't stay positive, you don't do well.
Vince Flynn - It's what every writer needs: a daybed.
Vince Flynn - I have been blessed to have the same editor and work for a great publishing house.
Vince Flynn - There's a lot more to publishing a book than writing it and slapping a cover on it.
Vince Flynn - A good football team plays offense and defense. You have to be aggressive and disrupt.
Vince Flynn - I just look at what's going on in the world.
Vince Flynn - I'm a big believer in free enterprise. If people want to try it, then go for it.
Vince Flynn - One of the most talented writers out there is Brian Haig.
Vince Flynn - Anybody who knew me growing up calls me Vinny.
Vince McMahon - The biggest thrill in the world is entertaining the public, there is no bigger thrill than that.
Vince McMahon - I think there are certain business matters which we must now conduct differently than we used to.
Vince McMahon - I'm a real common sense guy who caught a lot of good breaks and who has been very, very fortunate.
Vince McMahon - I'm not afraid of failing. I don't like to fail. I hate to fail. But I'm not afraid of it.
Vince McMahon - Sometimes you have to take a half step back to take two forward.
Vince McMahon - In Europe we could do it, if we fly as soon as the event is over.
Vince McMahon - As far as sustaining our popularity, I believe we can.
Vince McMahon - I have to do something with my mind, or I'll get in trouble.
Vince McMahon - The standards are being lowered, not just on the Internet, but in all of news and media.
Vince McMahon - In America it's live by the sword of freedom of expression and be will to die by it as well.
Vince Staples - When I was growing up, skateboarding was big and basketball was big.
Vince Staples - Circumstances dictate your set of values, your set of morals.
Vince Staples - The happiest people, the ones you like the most, they're never worried about being rich.
Vince Staples - Some people make their best music when life is horrible.
Vince Staples - What's important to me is people just being people.
Vince Staples - You're either ghetto or you're not.
Vince Staples - You have to captivate and entertain if you want your message to get across.
Vince Staples - Some people lose sense of what their music was when their life starts to get better.
Vince Staples - Touring helped me understand where I needed to be better in my music.
Vince Staples - I want to have an impact because I don't want anybody to have to go through what I went through.
Vince Vaughn - Whenever you're scared of something, don't let that define you. We all feel it, but step up.
Vince Vaughn - You don't worry about being liked. You have to be yourself.
Vince Vaughn - I didn't own a cell phone for a long time. I was late in the game on that.
Vince Vaughn - The last book I read was the book I've been rereading most of my life, The Fountainhead.
Vince Vaughn - Some people really like to get into Twitter, but it's not my thing.
Vince Vaughn - I'm a horrible golfer.
Vince Vaughn - You'll never meet a nicer guy than Owen Wilson.
Vince Vaughn - I'm a Cubs fan. As a kid, the Cubs were my team.
Vince Vaughn - As an artist, I can't be responsible for how people interpret material.
Vince Vaughn - It's great extremes which leads to great drama and great comedy.
Vincent Bugliosi - This is America, not a banana republic.
Vincent Bugliosi - I'm trying to finish my book on the Kennedy assassination.
Vincent Bugliosi - Just like I'm still angry with Simpson for getting by with two murders.
Vincent Bugliosi - So I don't blame Boies for the decision of the Court at all.
Vincent Bugliosi - You might not agree with me, but I always offer a lot of support.
Vincent Bugliosi - The ruling in the Paula Jones case is so silly.
Vincent Bugliosi - It's my view that any conservative who loves his country has to be extremely concerned.
Vincent Bugliosi - I'm still angry with Simpson for getting by with two murders.
Vincent Bugliosi - No matter what I do, I'll be forever known as the Manson prosecutor.
Vincent Bugliosi - I, for one, can't be sure at all there is a God.
Vincent Cassel - The minute I started being recognised, I became much more discreet.
Vincent Cassel - You can't escape from what you are.
Vincent Cassel - I grew up watching 'Raging Bull.'
Vincent Cassel - I'm a little angry in life.
Vincent Cassel - I think I'm actually more vulnerable than people imagine.
Vincent Cassel - I always had the sense of being in the spotlight, being on stage, being looked at.
Vincent Cassel - To work with somebody you love makes filming faster, more fun.
Vincent Cassel - There's only so much you can control in life.
Vincent Cassel - I have learned that acting is not about beauty.
Vincent Cassel - They say the day you lose your parents, you start to look like them.
Vincent D'Onofrio - And I have been able to establish this sort of decent reputation as being a decent character actor.
Vincent D'Onofrio - Then I did Mystic Pizza, just to do something I wasn't fat in.
Vincent D'Onofrio - I took a route of acting, rather than starmaking, so it cost me a lot financially.
Vincent D'Onofrio - The search for the truth is not for the faint hearted.
Vincent D'Onofrio - What kind of recognition do I deserve? I don't deserve any recognition.
Vincent D'Onofrio - Like De Niro. He's one of the best character actors we have ever had.
Vincent D'Onofrio - The more you are known, the more difficult it is to hide behind characters.
Vincent D'Onofrio - This haunting idea of becoming a celebrity doesn't settle well with me at all.
Vincent D'Onofrio - Look, all you can do when you find your niche is go with it.
Vincent D'Onofrio - I've never tried to be something I'm not.
Vincente Minnelli - Color can do anything that black-and-white can.
Vincente Minnelli - But I went down to Venezuela and spend a few weeks going through jungles. It's fantastic looking.
Vincente Minnelli - It's the story that counts.
Vincente Minnelli - I always have coffee without sugar, you know. Just cream.
Vincente Minnelli - But surrealism is present in most of my pictures.
Vincente Minnelli - The Pirate is surrealism and so, in a curious way, is Father of the Bride.
Vincente Minnelli - I use colors to bring fine points of story and character.
Vincente Minnelli - Designing Woman was written for the screen.
Vincente Minnelli - Dali was the great painter then and surrealism was a way of life.
Vincente Minnelli - I learn new things all the time.
Ving Rhames - The more you do a stunt, the more you increase the risk of something happening.
Ving Rhames - I don't give Hollywood the power to limit me. Only God can limit me.
Ving Rhames - Since God is the foundation of my life, anything that streams from that can only be positive.
Ving Rhames - You can feel I am whatever you want to feel I am. God knows who I am, and I know who I am.
Ving Rhames - I graduated on a Friday. By Monday, I was doing Shakespeare in the Park.
Ving Rhames - Rottweilers are victims of a stereotype. They're not that bad.
Ving Rhames - I've always been interested in cross-cultural exchange with the youth.
Ving Rhames - I live a very simple life.
Ving Rhames - God has blessed me with a certain amount of presence and a certain amount of charisma.
Ving Rhames - I'm the spokesman for ADT, and ADT, brother, pays better than most actors make on film.
Vinnie Jones - I've always had my ear pierced with a diamond stud. I did it myself when I was 16.
Vinnie Jones - I buy hats like women buy shoes. I have well over 150.
Vinnie Jones - For some people, becoming a parent does change them, but it never changed me.
Vinnie Jones - People say you can get bored of the sunshine in L.A. No, you can't.
Vinnie Jones - After 'Big Brother,' people came up to me in the street shouting, 'You woz robbed!'
Vinnie Jones - John Wayne never ever disappointed his fans, because he was a cowboy.
Vinnie Jones - I'd like to be the romantic lead one day, but I've got to grow my hair first.
Vinnie Jones - I was captain of Wales; I've been captain of numerous football clubs.
Vinnie Jones - To me, England is past its sell-by date. It's not the country I grew up in.
Vinnie Jones - Awareness about heart disease has got to be raised.
Vinny Guadagnino - Nobody wants to be a lawyer - it's hard work. But it was kind of my academic route.
Vinny Guadagnino - Partying isn't every aspect to my personality.
Vinny Guadagnino - My mother's my biggest supporter.
Vinny Guadagnino - I am fascinated by quantum physics.
Vinny Guadagnino - I take improv classes. Improv is something I can use in any aspect of life.
Vinny Guadagnino - It helps me when I help people.
Vinny Guadagnino - My mom's gonna be the biggest star - mark my words right now!
Vinny Guadagnino - You never really see me acting a fool on TV.
Vinny Guadagnino - I graduated from CUNY College of Staten Island with a 3.9 GPA in three and a half years.
Vinny Guadagnino - I enjoy painting and can copy almost anything.
Vint Cerf - Although I've had several major career changes, I was extremely hesitant about making some of them.
Vint Cerf - Instant messaging and chat rooms have basically created a level playing field for deaf people.
Vint Cerf - The computer would do anything you programmed it to do.
Vint Cerf - Yet we still see continuous reports of bugs.
Vint Cerf - We live in a very complex world.
Vint Cerf - The Internet lives where anyone can access it.
Vint Cerf - You don't have to be young to learn about technology. You have to feel young.
Vint Cerf - The idea that you can somehow erase the Internet is silly.
Vint Cerf - Sleep is a waste of time.
Vint Cerf - Privacy may actually be an anomaly.
Virat Kohli - Self-belief and hard work will always earn you success.
Virat Kohli - No cricket team in the world depends on one or two players. The team always plays to win.
Virat Kohli - I delayed my father's funeral because of cricket.
Virat Kohli - Delhi means everything to me. This city has given me everything, and I love it.
Virat Kohli - I love driving my car on any highway.
Virat Kohli - The more centuries that I am able to score, the happier I will be.
Virat Kohli - I support Real Madrid. I'm a big fan of Cristiano Ronaldo.
Virat Kohli - Becoming an inspiration for kids is great. I want to inspire them to do whatever they want to.
Virat Kohli - Good Punjabi music before a match pumps me up. It gives me a kick.
Virat Kohli - People from North India are generally known to be aggressive and emotional.
Virgil Goode - All of us who serve in the House of Representatives and the Senate pay into Social Security.
Virgil Goode - It's time we had a president who stood up for American workers first.
Virgil Goode - We don't need to bring 100,000 refugees in from the Middle East.
Virgil Goode - You've just got to be honest and straightforward.
Virgil Goode - Success is measured differently by different people.
Virgil Goode - I'm for a balanced budget now.
Virgil Goode - There's a huge cost that comes with illegal immigration.
Virgil Goode - The Founding Fathers had just four Cabinet departments and the postmaster general.
Virgil Goode - The salary of a member of Congress ends the day that he of she leaves office.
Virgil Goode - The progress in Iraq has not been without cost.
Virginia Postrel - Storage problems make neon signs the most ephemeral of commercial arts.
Virginia Postrel - The impulse for personal adornment is hard to stamp out.
Virginia Postrel - Science is about exploring the unknown and cannot offer guarantees.
Virginia Postrel - Wars without military objectives have a tendency to go on forever.
Virginia Postrel - When credit is cheaper to use and easier to arrange, people do use more of it.
Virginia Postrel - Dialysis does not make patients well. It simply postpones their deaths.
Virginia Postrel - The mobile middle class gravitates to the cities where housing is affordable.
Virginia Postrel - Clothes are unique sculptures, dependent on a supporting human form and created to move.
Virginia Postrel - The whole point of movie glamour was - and is - escape.
Virginia Postrel - On the Internet, people on the tails of the bell curve can find one another.
Vittorio Alfieri - Deep vengeance is the daughter of deep silence.
Vittorio Alfieri - A usurper always distrusts the whole world.
Vittorio Alfieri - Disgrace does not consist in the punishment, but in the crime.
Vittorio Alfieri - Liars are always most disposed to swear.
Vittorio Alfieri - To err is human; but contrition felt for the crime distinguishes the virtuous from the wicked.
Vittorio Alfieri - Where there are laws, he who has not broken them need not tremble.
Vittorio Alfieri - Often the test of courage is not to die but to live.
Vittorio Alfieri - First thoughts are not always the best.
Vittorio Alfieri - Heaven takes care that no man secures happiness by crime.
Vittorio Alfieri - Ofttimes the test of courage becomes rather to live than to die.
Vivien Leigh - Dear Lord, I'm so grateful I'm still loved.
Vivien Leigh - I'm not afraid to die.
Vivien Leigh - I know I am right for Scarlett. I can convince Mr. Selznick.
Vivien Leigh - Every single night I'm nervous. You never know how the audience is going to react.
Vivien Leigh - Sometimes I dread the truth of the lines I say. But the dread must never show.
Vivien Leigh - I'm a Scorpio, and Scorpios eat themselves out and burn themselves up like me.
Vivien Leigh - A lucky thing Eva Peron was. She died at 32. I'm already 45.
Vivien Leigh - I've always been mad about cats.
Vivien Leigh - I need something truly beautiful to look at in hotel rooms.
Vivien Leigh - I adore dancing.
Vivienne Ming - What drives success, and the most successful students, is internal motivation.
Vivienne Ming - AI might be a powerful technology, but things won't get better simply by adding AI.
Vivienne Ming - Discrimination is not done by villains. It's done by us.
Vivienne Ming - The traditional markers people use for hiring can be wrong - profoundly wrong.
Vivienne Ming - I'm not enthusiastic about educational games or apps generally.
Vivienne Ming - We are bad at valuing other people, and we are worse the more different they are than us.
Vivienne Ming - I want to literally make people smarter by jamming things in their brains.
Vivienne Ming - The bias tax is actually a loss in economy.
Vivienne Ming - The tax on being different is massive.
Vivienne Ming - Who wants to get a worse diagnosis of their cancer, just to keep a human doctor in the job?
Vivienne Westwood - I can't think without my glasses.
Vivienne Westwood - There's nowhere else like London. Nothing at all, anywhere.
Vivienne Westwood - If you hear Anarchy in the UK today your hair stands on end. It gives you the shivers.
Vivienne Westwood - People have never looked so ugly as they do today. We just consume far too much.
Vivienne Westwood - There is so much that people take for granted.
Vivienne Westwood - Print some money and give it to us for the rain forests.
Vivienne Westwood - Fashion has become so whatever. I don't think there are any stones left to unturn.
Vivienne Westwood - I love designing at the moment, I'm so happy with my work.
Vivienne Westwood - What I'm always trying to say to the consumer is: buy less, choose well, make it last.
Vivienne Westwood - My son has followed fashion since he was a punk. He and I agree that fashion is about sex.
Vladimir Horowitz - My future is in my past and my past is my present. I must now make the present my future.
Vladimir Horowitz - My face is my passport.
Vladimir Horowitz - Perfection itself is imperfection.
Vladimir Horowitz - I am a general. My soldiers are the keys and I have to command them.
Vladimir Horowitz - If you want me to play only the notes without any specific dynamics, I will never make one mistake.
Vladimir Horowitz - I was a terrible student. For me, to take a book home was a trial.
Vladimir Horowitz - Imitation is a caricature. Any imitation. Find out for yourself.
Vladimir Horowitz - Without false modesty, I feel that, when I'm on the stage, I'm the king, the boss of the situation.
Vladimir Horowitz - I loved singing. But can you imagine my voice in an opera house?
Vladimir Horowitz - The score is not a bible, and I am never afraid to dare. The music is behind those dots.
Vladimir Zhirinovsky - A mother-in-law is better than a single and childless political persona, though.
Vladimir Zhirinovsky - I mean, in general, the danger is from Oriental faiths and Islam.
Vladimir Zhirinovsky - If Russia rises, it means that the USA falls down.
Vladimir Zhirinovsky - Military police is very timely for our army.
Vladimir Zhirinovsky - The only thing I oppose is persecuting of Eastern Orthodox priests and temples.
Vladimir Zhirinovsky - There is no problem with the opening of new houses of prayer for Lutherans and Pentecostals.
Vladimir Zhirinovsky - I believe in full freedom for Christians of all denominations.
Vladimir Zhirinovsky - I'm against the capturing of Eastern Orthodox temples.
Vladimir Zhirinovsky - I've never signed any contract and never received a cent from Iraq.
Vladimir Zhirinovsky - Let Catholics build their own churches and works.
Vonda Shepard - I had a hard-core cult following of at least 12.
Vonda Shepard - I can't really stop doing the music because it really feeds me.
Vonda Shepard - At first, I wanted to start my own label, but it was such a full-time job that it became too much.
Vonda Shepard - Success was overnight, but it was a very long night.
Vonda Shepard - I seem to be drawn to the really romantic songs.
Vonda Shepard - I have played lots of clubs since I was 14, but I always did my own music.
Vonda Shepard - I don't have much time for TV shows, but if I did, I'd watch 'Seinfeld' reruns.
Vonda Shepard - The last thing I wanted was a big paycheck but no inspiration or support.
Vonda Shepard - My nature is to worry about everything too much.
Vonda Shepard - I'm not just a chick singer who sings high all the time.
W. Clement Stone - Aim for the moon. If you miss, you may hit a star.
W. Clement Stone - Prayer is man's greatest power!
W. Clement Stone - Sales are contingent upon the attitude of the salesman - not the attitude of the prospect.
W. Clement Stone - What contemptible scoundrel has stolen the cork to my lunch?
W. Clement Stone - To be happy, make other people happy.
W. Clement Stone - Try, try, try, and keep on trying is the rule that must be followed to become an expert in anything.
W. Clement Stone - Big doors swing on little hinges.
W. Clement Stone - Thinking will not overcome fear but action will.
W. Clement Stone - When we direct our thoughts properly, we can control our emotions.
W. Clement Stone - Success is achieved and maintained by those who try and keep trying.
W. H. Auden - We are all here on earth to help others; what on earth the others are here for I don't know.
W. H. Auden - A poet is, before anything else, a person who is passionately in love with language.
W. H. Auden - Death is the sound of distant thunder at a picnic.
W. H. Auden - All sins tend to be addictive, and the terminal point of addiction is damnation.
W. H. Auden - A professor is someone who talks in someone else's sleep.
W. H. Auden - God bless the USA, so large, so friendly, and so rich.
W. H. Auden - 'Healing,' Papa would tell me, 'is not a science, but the intuitive art of wooing nature.'
W. H. Auden - If time were the wicked sheriff in a horse opera, I'd pay for riding lessons and take his gun away.
W. H. Auden - Learn from your dreams what you lack.
W. H. Auden - In times of joy, all of us wished we possessed a tail we could wag.
W. Somerset Maugham - Every production of an artist should be the expression of an adventure of his soul.
W. Somerset Maugham - The love that lasts longest is the love that is never returned.
W. Somerset Maugham - Love is only a dirty trick played on us to achieve continuation of the species.
W. Somerset Maugham - The ability to quote is a serviceable substitute for wit.
W. Somerset Maugham - Tolerance is another word for indifference.
W. Somerset Maugham - There are three rules for writing a novel. Unfortunately, no one knows what they are.
W. Somerset Maugham - If you don't change your beliefs, your life will be like this forever. Is that good news?
W. Somerset Maugham - Impropriety is the soul of wit.
W. Somerset Maugham - The great American novel has not only already been written, it has already been rejected.
W. Somerset Maugham - There are two good things in life - freedom of thought and freedom of action.
Wale - My job is to inspire the people, to be on top of my game and push my culture forward.
Wale - No days off. I'm a workaholic.
Wale - I don't wanna sound pretentious talking about myself.
Wale - I've always been a Nike person.
Wale - I'd love a super human memory. My memory has never been good.
Wale - I'm a black man in the United States of America, so I always feel like there's a target on me.
Wale - My life is better than a lot of people I know. I'm definitely happy about that.
Wale - Making love is, simply put, poetry in motion.
Wale - I'm a passionate person, to a fault at times.
Wale - I speak my mind. That's what we loved Tupac for.
Wallace Shawn - I spend most of my time thinking about things like laundry and buying stationery supplies.
Wallace Shawn - I have more free time than a lot of individuals, so, instead of talking, I sometimes write.
Wallace Shawn - Even with my wife, I find sharing soup is hard.
Wallace Shawn - 'The Princess Bride' is by far the most popular film I've ever done. I don't think I'll ever top it.
Wallace Shawn - I never planned to be an actor. It turned out I could make a living doing it.
Wallace Shawn - I have an enormous appetite to see life as I know it presented in front of my eyes.
Wallace Shawn - I have been vain since birth.
Wallace Shawn - My plays have been strange from the beginning, and they never got unstrange.
Wallace Shawn - I don't see that many plays, and for me, musicals are rarely pleasing.
Wallace Shawn - I don't have a television, and I'm just not too up on television.
Wallace Stevens - The most beautiful thing in the world is, of course, the world itself.
Wallace Stevens - Perhaps the truth depends on a walk around the lake.
Wallace Stevens - A poet looks at the world the way a man looks at a woman.
Wallace Stevens - Money is a kind of poetry.
Wallace Stevens - In the world of words, the imagination is one of the forces of nature.
Wallace Stevens - The way through the world is more difficult to find than the way beyond it.
Wallace Stevens - The philosopher proves that the philosopher exists. The poet merely enjoys existence.
Wallace Stevens - The fire burns as the novel taught it how.
Wallace Stevens - Our bloom is gone. We are the fruit thereof.
Wallace Stevens - Accuracy of observation is the equivalent of accuracy of thinking.
Walt Mossberg - I try not to make snap judgments. I never, ever make conclusions about products I've never tried.
Walt Mossberg - I spent 19 years as a Washington reporter covering a variety of beats.
Walt Mossberg - My first computers were a Timex Sinclair and an Apple II.
Walt Mossberg - Apple is all-in on Apple hardware and still wants you to be all-in, too.
Walt Mossberg - Has the smartphone begun to mature, plateau out?
Walt Mossberg - What could a smartphone do for me that would make people go out and buy another one?
Walt Mossberg - The car is the ultimate mobile device, isn't it?
Walt Mossberg - I use my iPad many times a day, and it has cut my use of my laptop by more than half.
Walt Mossberg - Back in May of 2008, the Kindle was still quite new, and we focused on that.
Walt Mossberg - There's a blizzard of metrics that social sites and messaging sites put out there.
Walter Annenberg - Never buy four C-plus paintings when you can buy one A.
Walter Annenberg - When we hold back out of laziness, that is when we tie ourselves into knots of boredom.
Walter Annenberg - In the world today, a young lady who does not have a college education just is not educated.
Walter Annenberg - My country has been very good to me; I must be good to my country.
Walter Annenberg - All I ever seek from good deeds is a measure of respect.
Walter Annenberg - People who think about art as an investment are pathetic.
Walter Annenberg - I have very little respect for Nancy Reagan. There is something about her that is very petty.
Walter Annenberg - The greatest power is not money power, but political power.
Walter Annenberg - Too much work, too much vacation, too much of any one thing is unsound.
Walter Annenberg - The test of character is having the ability to meet challenges.
Walter Bagehot - The greatest mistake is trying to be more agreeable than you can be.
Walter Bagehot - An ambassador is not simply an agent; he is also a spectacle.
Walter Bagehot - Men who do not make advances to women are apt to become victims to women who make advances to them.
Walter Bagehot - No great work has ever been produced except after a long interval of still and musing meditation.
Walter Bagehot - A great pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do.
Walter Bagehot - A Parliament is nothing less than a big meeting of more or less idle people.
Walter Bagehot - The greatest pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do.
Walter Bagehot - An inability to stay quiet is one of the conspicuous failings of mankind.
Walter Bagehot - It is good to be without vices, but it is not good to be without temptations.
Walter Bagehot - The cure for admiring the House of Lords is to go and look at it.
Walter Benjamin - Counsel woven into the fabric of real life is wisdom.
Walter Benjamin - The art of storytelling is reaching its end because the epic side of truth, wisdom, is dying out.
Walter Benjamin - Gifts must affect the receiver to the point of shock.
Walter Benjamin - Genuine polemics approach a book as lovingly as a cannibal spices a baby.
Walter Benjamin - To be happy is to be able to become aware of oneself without fright.
Walter Benjamin - The only way of knowing a person is to love them without hope.
Walter Benjamin - Opinions are a private matter. The public has an interest only in judgments.
Walter Benjamin - Every passion borders on the chaotic, but the collector's passion borders on the chaos of memories.
Walter Benjamin - The idea that happiness could have a share in beauty would be too much of a good thing.
Walter Benjamin - The camera introduces us to unconscious optics as does psychoanalysis to unconscious impulses.
Walter Cronkite - I can't imagine a person becoming a success who doesn't give this game of life everything he's got.
Walter Cronkite - Objective journalism and an opinion column are about as similar as the Bible and Playboy magazine.
Walter Cronkite - The perils of duck hunting are great - especially for the duck.
Walter Cronkite - And that's the way it is.
Walter Cronkite - There is no such thing as a little freedom. Either you are all free, or you are not free.
Walter Cronkite - Our job is only to hold up the mirror - to tell and show the public what has happened.
Walter Cronkite - We are not educated well enough to perform the necessary act of intelligently selecting our leaders.
Walter Cronkite - In seeking truth you have to get both sides of a story.
Walter Cronkite - America's health care system is neither healthy, caring, nor a system.
Walter Cronkite - Dan Rather and I just aren't especially chummy.
Walter Dean Myers - I like people who take responsibility for their lives.
Walter Dean Myers - There is a crisis involving reading in certain communities.
Walter Dean Myers - New York is my favorite city.
Walter Dean Myers - We need to tell kids flat out: reading is not optional.
Walter Dean Myers - I'll never live to write all the stories I have in my head.
Walter Dean Myers - As a child I wanted to be a professional athlete or lawyer.
Walter Dean Myers - I would enjoy having dinner with the poet/playwright Derek Walcott.
Walter Dean Myers - I talk to myself out loud at times, and feel embarrassed when people overhear me.
Walter Dean Myers - With my writing, what I want to do is humanize the young people I write about.
Walter Dean Myers - Children have adopted a consumerist attitude - I dare you to entertain me.
Walter Jon Williams - How long it takes to write a book depends on its length.
Walter Jon Williams - Genre labels are useful only insofar as they help you find an audience.
Walter Jon Williams - Now I have to motivate myself much more than I had previously.
Walter Jon Williams - The Rift, which was well over a thousand pages of manuscript, took two years.
Walter Jon Williams - I wanted to be an author for as long as I can remember.
Walter Jon Williams - Being a writer was never a choice, it was an irresistible compulsion.
Walter Jon Williams - I now have to find a reason to write, every single day.
Walter Jon Williams - For every SF reader of that period, Robert A. Heinlein was also a touchstone.
Walter Jon Williams - I went to college, though I didn't take many writing courses.
Walter Jon Williams - When state and religion are one, religion becomes a means for the powerful to remain in power.
Walter Lang - Time was God's first creation.
Walter Lang - Being made in the image of God, man was the crown of creation.
Walter Lang - A creationist can embarrass an evolutionist by asking for a definition of species.
Walter Lang - We agree that man was not created to survive in space.
Walter Lang - Angels possess greater powers than do human beings.
Walter Lang - Sex is not sinful, but sin has perverted it.
Walter Lang - Therefore, sins of sex are punished in this life to a greater degree than some other sins.
Walter Lang - Any concept of one person being superior to another can lead to racism.
Walter Lang - Accordingly, one race is neither superior nor inferior to another.
Walter Lang - Time is not eternal but was created by God at the beginning.
Walter Lippmann - When men can no longer be theists, they must, if they are civilized, become humanists.
Walter Lippmann - Where all men think alike, no one thinks very much.
Walter Lippmann - Many a time I have wanted to stop talking and find out what I really believed.
Walter Lippmann - It requires wisdom to understand wisdom: the music is nothing if the audience is deaf.
Walter Lippmann - Brains, you know, are suspect in the Republican Party.
Walter Lippmann - When all men think alike, no one thinks very much.
Walter Lippmann - Private property was the original source of freedom. It still is its main ballpark.
Walter Lippmann - When philosophers try to be politicians they generally cease to be philosophers.
Walter Lippmann - Ideals are an imaginative understanding of that which is desirable in that which is possible.
Walter Lippmann - Industry is a better horse to ride than genius.
Walter O'Brien - Hacking involves a different way of looking at problems that no one's thought of.
Walter O'Brien - Once your IQ is 150 or over, it stops beings ability and becomes a disability.
Walter O'Brien - My left brain has gradually 'eaten' the right-brain capabilities away.
Walter O'Brien - Flying down a tunnel of 1s and 0s is not how hacking is really done.
Walter O'Brien - There are kids going into chemistry and biology because of 'CSI.'
Walter O'Brien - Bureaucracy kills people's ability to try new ideas.
Walter O'Brien - High IQ individuals don't like surprises and are pessimistic, because it's logical.
Walter O'Brien - A high IQ individual can't deal in an industry that's subjective.
Walter O'Brien - My personality is extremely unbalanced.
Walter O'Brien - I'm left-brain dominant, so anxiety and nervousness don't affect me; most emotions don't.
Walter Savage Landor - Men, like nails, lose their usefulness when they lose their direction and begin to bend.
Walter Savage Landor - We often fancy that we suffer from ingratitude, while in reality we suffer from self-love.
Walter Savage Landor - We are no longer happy so soon as we wish to be happier.
Walter Savage Landor - Ambition is but avarice on stilts, and masked.
Walter Savage Landor - My thoughts are my company; I can bring them together, select them, detain them, dismiss them.
Walter Savage Landor - We think that we suffer from ingratitude, while in reality we suffer from self-love.
Walter Savage Landor - Delay in justice is injustice.
Walter Savage Landor - No ashes are lighter than those of incense, and few things burn out sooner.
Walter Savage Landor - We talk on principal, but act on motivation.
Walter Savage Landor - The Siren waits thee, singing song for song.
Walter Scott - For success, attitude is equally as important as ability.
Walter Scott - O, what a tangled web we weave when first we practise to deceive!
Walter Scott - Unless a tree has borne blossoms in spring, you will vainly look for fruit on it in autumn.
Walter Scott - To all, to each, a fair good-night, and pleasing dreams, and slumbers light.
Walter Scott - If a farmer fills his barn with grain, he gets mice. If he leaves it empty, he gets actors.
Walter Scott - Look back, and smile on perils past.
Walter Scott - We build statues out of snow, and weep to see them melt.
Walter Scott - Each age has deemed the new-born year the fittest time for festal cheer.
Walter Scott - Discretion is the perfection of reason, and a guide to us in all the duties of life.
Walter Scott - Success - keeping your mind awake and your desire asleep.
Walter Winchell - A real friend is one who walks in when the rest of the world walks out.
Walter Winchell - Never above you. Never below you. Always beside you.
Walter Winchell - An optimist is someone who gets treed by a lion but enjoys the scenery.
Walter Winchell - Today's gossip is tomorrow's headline.
Walter Winchell - Gossip is the art of saying nothing in a way that leaves practically nothing unsaid.
Walter Winchell - I usually get my stuff from people who promised somebody else that they would keep it a secret.
Walter Winchell - The same thing happened today that happened yesterday, only to different people.
Walter Winchell - The only ones who like Milton Berle are his mother - and the public.
Walter Winchell - Hollywood is a place where they place you under contract instead of under observation.
Walter Winchell - She's been on more laps than a napkin.
Wanda Sykes - I don't understand why people really get upset about something that doesn't affect them at all.
Wanda Sykes - Men are dogs. Men are dogs. We got to stop it. Men are not dogs. Uh-uh. Dogs are loyal.
Wanda Sykes - It seems like when I first started, people got into comedy because they wanted to be good comedians.
Wanda Sykes - Actually, I majored in marketing and I have a bachelor of science.
Wanda Sykes - It's hard to get fired from the government. You have to, like, kill people.
Wanda Sykes - I'm here today because I hated everything else.
Wanda Sykes - I'm here today because I refused to be unhappy. I took a chance.
Wanda Sykes - If you're passionate about your work, it makes the people around you want to be involved too.
Wanda Sykes - What drives the creative person is that we see it all.
Wanda Sykes - I have a funny family, but none of them are remotely in show business.
Wang Jianlin - Foreign politicians don't have resources - or limited resources. It's useless dealing with them.
Wang Jianlin - Among the world's 500 largest companies, not one has completely relied on its own growth to develop.
Wang Jianlin - The London property market has excellent investment opportunities.
Wang Jianlin - The U.S., especially Hollywood, is so strong for film production.
Wang Jianlin - I was born in a family with a strong military background, so I chose to be a soldier.
Wang Jianlin - The basic principle is I command, and my employees carry it out immediately.
Wang Jianlin - Don't ally your personal interests with the development of the company.
Wang Jianlin - The future of the world's film industry is in China because we have 1.3 billion people.
Wang Jianlin - Chinese consumption, particularly high-end consumption, is booming.
Wang Jianlin - If you are only big in China, you are only a local Chinese company.
Waris Ahluwalia - My mission in life is to preserve craftsmanship.
Waris Ahluwalia - I have always had a sense of curiosity and aspiration.
Waris Ahluwalia - I take my work seriously, but I don't necessarily take myself seriously.
Waris Ahluwalia - I love my passport. I plan trips very last minute, so I always carry it with me.
Waris Ahluwalia - I like having a tailor everywhere because I am everywhere.
Waris Ahluwalia - My inspiration is love and history.
Waris Ahluwalia - I create with my heart, so life and work inevitably intersect all too often.
Waris Ahluwalia - I always like a good song: puts me in a good mood.
Waris Ahluwalia - I won't do anything unless it's the absolute best.
Waris Ahluwalia - I work with gold that holds history, diamonds that see the future, and rubies that long for love.
Warren Bennis - Leadership is the capacity to translate vision into reality.
Warren Bennis - Success in management requires learning as fast as the world is changing.
Warren Bennis - Leaders are people who do the right thing; managers are people who do things right.
Warren Bennis - The manager accepts the status quo; the leader challenges it.
Warren Bennis - Leaders keep their eyes on the horizon, not just on the bottom line.
Warren Bennis - The manager asks how and when; the leader asks what and why.
Warren Bennis - Great things are accomplished by talented people who believe they will accomplish them.
Warren Bennis - Good leaders make people feel that they're at the very heart of things, not at the periphery.
Warren Bennis - Failing organizations are usually over-managed and under-led.
Warren Bennis - The manager has his eye on the bottom line; the leader has his eye on the horizon.
Warren Farrell - Men are often a lot less vindictive than women are, because we are rejected constantly every day.
Warren Farrell - If a man belittles a woman, it could become a lawsuit. If women belittle men, it's a Hallmark card.
Warren Farrell - Let's face it: men do a lot of things in the workplace that women just don't do.
Warren Farrell - Men have not stacked the decks against women.
Warren Farrell - A man perceives himself as owning and being owned by a woman.
Warren Farrell - In our society, the sound of men complaining is like nails on a chalkboard.
Warren Farrell - Every movement has radicals. But the important thing is that the radicals are not the leaders.
Warren Farrell - I've gone from being quite wealthy, when I was defending women, to being quite poor defending men.
Warren Farrell - The key to wealth is not what we earn. It is in what is spent on us.
Warren Farrell - Feminists have confused opportunity with outcome.
Warren Spector - For me, the cool thing is doing things that could only be done in gaming.
Warren Spector - In cartoons, in movies, time passes differently. There are flashbacks and flashfowards.
Warren Spector - Gamers are everywhere, coming in all ages and genders, and developers have grown up, too.
Warren Spector - When you're dealing with a new platform, the real trick is just getting the game running.
Warren Spector - I would love to take 'Ultimata Underworld' and literally update the graphics.
Warren Spector - Kids, adults, men, women, everybody has a relationship with Mickey Mouse.
Warren Spector - I make M-rated games for adults, you know, with guys wearing sunglasses at night and trench coats.
Warren Spector - I'm a big believer in pushing things too far and forcing people to pull you back.
Warren Spector - I think there's always room for more innovation and new things.
Warren Spector - I have never made a game that wasn't explicitly about empowering players to tell their own story.
Warren Zevon - I don't learn so good, no matter how good the teacher is.
Warren Zevon - I'll sleep when I'm dead.
Warren Zevon - Yeah, I don't like, um, I'm not interested in rock 'n' roll piano. I find it a little grating.
Warren Zevon - I have no guitar technique.
Warren Zevon - But there's a thin line between songwriting and arranging.
Warren Zevon - Enjoy every sandwich.
Warren Zevon - Well, I don't think it ever did, but in the early '60s I got interested in folk music.
Warren Zevon - My first album is like a terrible John Hammond album, with drums.
Warren Zevon - Glenn Gould was my hero. Glenn Gould was my idol. I loved him.
Warren Zevon - Dylan doesn't have to make Blonde On Blonde every time.
Washington Irving - A kind heart is a fountain of gladness, making everything in its vicinity freshen into smiles.
Washington Irving - Love is never lost. If not reciprocated, it will flow back and soften and purify the heart.
Washington Irving - They who drink beer will think beer.
Washington Irving - Kindness in women, not their beauteous looks, shall win my love.
Washington Irving - Great minds have purposes; others have wishes.
Washington Irving - I've had it with you and your emotional constipation!
Washington Irving - Little minds are tamed and subdued by misfortune; but great minds rise above them.
Washington Irving - Nothing is enough for the man to whom enough is too little.
Washington Irving - One of the greatest and simplest tools for learning more and growing is doing more.
Washington Irving - A woman's whole life is a history of the affections.
Wayne Huizenga - Some people dream of success, while other people get up every morning and make it happen.
Wayne Huizenga - I don't see myself as a personality. I'm just another little guy.
Wayne Huizenga - A deal is like chasing a girl. You work on it until she says, 'Yes,' for a date.
Wayne Huizenga - I don't buy cars I can't drive.
Wayne Huizenga - Dolphins games always have been among the most popular NFL telecasts in England.
Wayne Huizenga - You don't make any money sitting in traffic.
Wayne Huizenga - I busted my butt all my life building companies.
Wayne Huizenga - If you want to accomplish twice as much, you have to work twice as hard.
Wayne Huizenga - People always want cars. It's a huge industry, and there's always new product coming out.
Wayne Huizenga - I don't see myself ever selling Republic or AutoNation.
Wayne Rogers - Look first at management. That's the key to a company.
Wayne Rogers - If you are an entrepreneur, you have to think outside of the box.
Wayne Rogers - People will always want a free lunch.
Wayne Rogers - Entrepreneurs bring to business... creativity.
Wayne Rogers - There is a big cry in California to stop everyone from running to Canada.
Wayne Rogers - People in Hollywood are going make pictures where ever it's the least expensive to make them.
Wayne Rogers - Yes, I loved MASH. As we are sitting here now talking, it's playing somewhere in the world.
Wayne Rogers - The rehearsal is where it all happens for an actor.
Wayne Rogers - When your in the movie business you have a start date and a stop date.
Wayne Rogers - I'm not hiding anything. What you see is what you get.
Wayne Rooney - Becoming a dad means you have to be a role model for your son and be someone he can look up to.
Wayne Rooney - I love football, I've never really taken an interest in anything else.
Wayne Rooney - I don't think I look up to any players. Obviously you respect everyone.
Wayne Rooney - Just to confirm to all my followers I have had a hair transplant. I was going bald at 25 why not.
Wayne Rooney - I play the game as honestly as I can. If the referee gives a penalty there is nothing you can do.
Wayne Rooney - I might have faults but I'm not a big head.
Wayne Rooney - I love Barbados, it's really relaxing.
Wayne Rooney - Becoming a dad was the proudest moment of my life. Playing football does not even compare.
Wayne Rooney - I just hate losing and that gives you an extra determination to work harder.
Wayne Rooney - I've matured since joining United, on and off the field.
Wendell Berry - Better than any argument is to rise at dawn and pick dew-wet red berries in a cup.
Wendell Berry - We cannot comprehend what comprehends us.
Wendell Berry - To be interested in food but not in food production is clearly absurd.
Wendell Berry - The latest technology is not always good for anything except to the producers of the technology.
Wendell Berry - We learn from our gardens to deal with the most urgent question of the time: How much is enough?
Wendell Berry - It is not from ourselves that we learn to be better than we are.
Wendell Berry - If we can't afford to take good care of the land that feeds us, we're in an insurmountable mess.
Wendell Berry - For any sin, we all suffer. That is why our suffering is endless.
Wendell Berry - I've had a good life, and was born to and among people I've admired and loved.
Wendell Berry - I'm a writer more than I am a talker.
Wendell Phillips - Eternal vigilance is the price of liberty; power is ever stealing from the many to the few.
Wendell Phillips - If there is anything in the universe that can't stand discussion, let it crack.
Wendell Phillips - The best education in the world is that got by struggling to get a living.
Wendell Phillips - If you want to be an orator, first get your great cause.
Wendell Phillips - What is defeat? Nothing but education. Nothing but the first step to something better.
Wendell Phillips - The heart is the best reflective thinker.
Wendell Phillips - Boredom, after all, is a form of criticism.
Wendell Phillips - We live under a government of men and morning newspapers.
Wendell Phillips - Physical bravery is an animal instinct; moral bravery is much higher and truer courage.
Wendell Phillips - What gunpowder did for war the printing press has done for the mind.
Wendy Davis - Let's make sure that we are working for age-appropriate sex education in our school system.
Wendy Davis - I'm happy in Lululemon, with a glass of red wine, watching HGTV.
Wendy Davis - Harvard was the most intimidating experience. I felt so out of my league there.
Wendy Davis - Let's face it, Obama is not a hugely popular political figure in the state of Texas.
Wendy Davis - I would be lying if I told you that I hadn't had aspirations to run for a statewide office.
Wendy Davis - I've always been open about my life not because my story is unique, but because it isn't.
Wendy Davis - My dad is truly the person who always made me believe in myself, to appreciate that I was smart.
Wendy Davis - We can't accept that it's O.K. if only some kids get to go to college.
Wendy Davis - I have super-supercurly hair, and it's a constant struggle.
Wendy Davis - Texas is not really a red state - it's just a non-voting state.
Wendy Kopp - People are everything in education, just as in the corporate world.
Wendy Kopp - Education must be the only sector that hasn't already been completely revolutionized by technology.
Wendy Kopp - I'm happy to admit that I'm a hopeless optimist.
Wendy Kopp - Where educational deprivation exists, it breeds conflict and enables repression.
Wendy Kopp - I think people are attracted to teaching because they want to make a real impact.
Wendy Kopp - I think the way to understand Teach for America is as a leadership development program.
Wendy Kopp - I usually don't really have breakfast.
Wendy Kopp - We go around and talk about what are each of the kids most proud of from the previous week.
Wendy Kopp - School boards can be a steppingstone to higher forms of political leadership.
Wendy Kopp - Teach For America is working hard to be one significant source of the leadership we need.
Wentworth Miller - My character in 'Prison Break' needs to be formidable. In reality, I'm not very tough at all.
Wentworth Miller - I revise obsessively. It's important to me to have a clean page.
Wentworth Miller - I feel extremely lucky, extremely grateful, and a little bittersweet, too.
Wentworth Miller - I'm pretty much a couch potato.
Wentworth Miller - You only cry for help if you believe there is help to cry for.
Wentworth Miller - Acting was something I needed like air. It wasn't something I could walk away from.
Wentworth Miller - Unfortunately, I'm allergic to all animals and even some people.
Wentworth Miller - Everyone has their challenges.
Wentworth Miller - I'm neither sexy nor a star.
Wentworth Miller - Michael Scofield is someone everyone can relate to, but nobody would want to be in his shoes.
Werner Herzog - The world reveals itself to those who travel on foot.
Werner Herzog - Every man should pull a boat over a mountain once in his life.
Werner Herzog - I prefer to be alive, so I'm cautious about taking risks.
Werner Herzog - I'm simply not afraid. It's not in my dictionary of behaviour.
Werner Herzog - I think it is a quest of literature throughout the ages to describe the human condition.
Werner Herzog - The universe is monstrously indifferent to the presence of man.
Werner Herzog - I don't spend sleepless nights over getting very bad reviews.
Werner Herzog - I'm not into digital marketing, downloading, or streaming - I've always been a man of the theaters.
Werner Herzog - I think there should be holy war against yoga classes.
Werner Herzog - I think psychology and self-reflection is one of the major catastrophes of the twentieth century.
Wes Craven - How can you have 'Scream' without Ghostface? It's like 'Friday the 13th' without Jason.
Wes Craven - The first monster you have to scare the audience with is yourself.
Wes Craven - I've experienced a great deal of, you know, ostracism from the making of films.
Wes Craven - I never went to film school, so I never had the chance to be rejected.
Wes Craven - When you have a name that means scares, you have to live with that.
Wes Craven - I didn't even know what a horror film was. I kind of made it up as I went along.
Wes Craven - All I'm doing is rearranging the curtains in the insane asylum.
Wes Craven - If I'm going to be a caged bird, I'll sing the best song I can.
Wes Craven - I'm the kind of director, at any given moment, an idea occurs to me, I'll just do it.
Wes Craven - You learn a lot more from those bumps than from when things are going great.
Wesley Snipes - I don't see myself as extremely handsome. I just figure I can charm you into liking me.
Wesley Snipes - I think of myself as a young prince from a long line of royalty.
Wesley Snipes - I never really planned on making action films. It just kind of happened.
Wesley Snipes - My mother was pretty much on my case all the time.
Wesley Snipes - I think any man would be nervous if his liberty is at stake.
Wesley Snipes - We should be able to go to our government and get clear answers.
Wesley Snipes - I think I have kind of a natural magnetism.
Wesley Snipes - I like to read about different religions - Judaism, Islam, Christianity, Hinduism and Buddhism.
Wesley Snipes - I was convicted of three misdemeanors of willful failure to file a form.
Wesley Snipes - I'm a good mimic.
Whit Stillman - I find it preferable not to have public opinions about anything. It's good for me to shut up.
Whit Stillman - When you're doing the work, film and TV are exactly the same. TV is just film in reduced pieces.
Whit Stillman - I'm totally devoted to '30s cinema.
Whit Stillman - I think sometimes it's the things you don't like that give you inspiration.
Whit Stillman - I identify entirely with Jane Austen's point of view, on everything.
Whit Stillman - I'm very concerned about the countries bordering Russia. But let's stay off that stuff.
Whit Stillman - I like things that are sort of comic and humorous rather than satirical.
Whit Stillman - There are bad preppies and bad priests and bad humanitarians. Any group can have its bad apple.
Whit Stillman - The only way to end up in the perfect future is to invent it yourself.
Whit Stillman - My guilty pleasure is watching the Investigation Discovery channel.
Whitney Houston - I have priorities. Maintaining my daughter is my first.
Whitney Houston - I'm older, I'm matured... I'm looking forward to the years to come. Good years.
Whitney Houston - When I decided to be a singer, my mother warned me I'd be alone a lot. Basically we all are.
Whitney Houston - God gave me a voice to sing with, and when you have that, what other gimmick is there?
Whitney Houston - I almost wish I could be more exciting, that I could match what is happening out there to me.
Whitney Houston - From the beginning, the camera and I were great friends. It loves me, and I love it.
Whitney Houston - I'm just fiercely protective. It's like, that's my lair and nobody messes with my lair.
Whitney Houston - I think over the years, being a mother, I've matured in so many ways.
Whitney Houston - I'm good where I am at this moment.
Whitney Houston - What's in your soul is in your soul.
Whoopi Goldberg - Normal is nothing more than a cycle on a washing machine.
Whoopi Goldberg - I used my imagination to make the grass whatever color I wanted it to be.
Whoopi Goldberg - That's the thing about Mother Nature, she really doesn't care what economic bracket you're in.
Whoopi Goldberg - I am where I am because I believe in all possibilities.
Whoopi Goldberg - You've got to vote for someone. It's a shame, but it's got to be done.
Whoopi Goldberg - Everything for me is visual. That's just how my head works.
Whoopi Goldberg - Normal is in the eye of the beholder.
Whoopi Goldberg - An actress can only play a woman. I'm an actor, I can play anything.
Whoopi Goldberg - I don't really view communism as a bad thing.
Whoopi Goldberg - Born ham, that's basically me.
Wietse Venema - Defect-free software does not exist.
Wietse Venema - Lack of documentation is becoming a problem for acceptance.
Wietse Venema - For many people my software is something that you install and forget. I like to keep it that way.
Wietse Venema - Writing software that's safe even in the presence of bugs makes the challenge even more interesting.
Wietse Venema - One bug in an SMTP server can open up the whole machine for intrusion.
Wietse Venema - The Postfix security model is based on keeping software simple and stupid.
Wietse Venema - Most of the effort in the software business goes into the maintenance of code that already exists.
Wietse Venema - Adding functionality is not just a matter of adding code.
Wietse Venema - My reply is: the software has no known bugs, therefore it has not been updated.
Wietse Venema - Windows favors multi-threading, which means that a service is implemented by one single process.
Wilbur Smith - I think one of the most poignant things is unrequited love and loneliness.
Wilbur Smith - Literature throws us many great heroes. Real life invariably outdoes them.
Wilbur Smith - I put my soul into every book I write.
Wilbur Smith - I love the sea as much as I love the veldt of Africa.
Wilbur Smith - What I like about writing is the sense of godlike power it gives you.
Wilbur Smith - I have never had too much trouble for creative ideas to spring up in my mind.
Wilbur Smith - My father was my god. His approval was so valuable to me.
Wilbur Smith - It's probably true that everyone has a book in them, although it may not be a very good one.
Wilbur Smith - There's nothing so aphrodisiacal for a woman as money and success.
Wilbur Smith - To me, my characters are more real than most people I meet.
Will Arnett - I am happy because I'm grateful. I choose to be grateful. That gratitude allows me to be happy.
Will Arnett - Pure unadulterated success is not as funny as failure.
Will Arnett - It's very rare that people are exactly who they appear to be.
Will Arnett - Everything's not black and white. We choose to make bad decisions or not.
Will Arnett - Arrested Development opened a lot of doors for me.
Will Arnett - Yeah, you know, within the context of TV families, these are pretty unsavory characters.
Will Arnett - Well, we were never coming back to Fox... that was clear.
Will Arnett - The show had run its course on the Fox network.
Will Arnett - I'm not necessarily interested in telling the story of people who are super likable.
Will Arnett - At no point was I like, 'Man, I gotta write me a part where people are going to take me seriously'.
Will Ferrell - Inappropriate behavior makes me laugh.
Will Ferrell - There's nothing sexy about Orange County.
Will Ferrell - You tend to get reluctant to talk about anything until the day before filming.
Will Ferrell - Aren't we all striving to be overpaid for what we do?
Will Ferrell - I've always wanted to sail around the world in a handmade boat, and I built a boat.
Will Ferrell - I don't really have aspirations to be Tom Hanks.
Will Ferrell - Anyone who does anything creative is always gonna want to change.
Will Ferrell - I guess ultimately a lot of comedians just wanna be taken seriously.
Will Ferrell - I'm a Cancer; I'm music-passionate. I like long walks on the beach.
Will Ferrell - I'm a bit of a gourmet chef. I love cooking - mostly Thai food.
Will Oldham - It is more rewarding to be complicit with scarcity than excess.
Will Oldham - I like rural areas.
Will Oldham - It's nice to be able to backtrack and not be embarrassed by the music you used to listen to.
Will Oldham - I really hate press.
Will Oldham - It's O.K. to accept good fortune.
Will Oldham - I think everybody works from a defensive position, for the most part, in the film industry.
Will Oldham - People are looking for fame or a focus, and I can't provide that.
Will Oldham - Cities are made for enemies to destroy.
Will Oldham - I figure it's okay to make certain rules, whether or not people despise you for it at the time.
Will Oldham - When I was a kid, I always thought that acting was going to be the way to go.
Will Poulter - I love fashion. I shop like a 16-year old girl. Sneakers. That's what I spend money I don't have on.
Will Poulter - I have got some fantastic friendships that I have had for a long, long time.
Will Poulter - I've not really been let down by anyone I've admired and then worked with.
Will Poulter - I absolutely love Leonardo DiCaprio.
Will Poulter - I need to try and get away from that brat role, or people are going to think I'm a natural brat.
Will Poulter - I am the biggest Kanye and Jay Z fan.
Will Poulter - Al Pacino never looks like he's being filmed.
Will Poulter - I love the camaraderie that develops on film sets and ensemble casts. It's really special.
Will Poulter - I would love to do some motion capture work just to be able to challenge myself.
Will Poulter - I fully accepted that I cannot grow facial hair, but it is quite emasculating.
Will Self - Like all right-listening folk, I am an implacable enemy of all muzak.
Will Self - The novelist, quite rightly, fears the psychoanalyst as both an enemy and a usurper.
Will Self - Sometimes the crowd is the madness - at others it's the absence of the crowd that is.
Will Self - It could be argued that every age gets the comfort savagery writer it deserves.
Will Self - Who'd want to be a modernist writer in the English-speaking world?
Will Self - As the render is to the building, and the blueprint to the machine, so sport is to social existence.
Will Self - It is not that sport, over-indulged in, coarsens the mind; it is that it dulls it.
Will Self - I do have a fantasy life in which I can grout bathrooms - but not for a living.
Will Self - I loathe computers more and more, so I have one I can shut down and shelve like a book.
Will Self - A party full of 'likeable' people doesn't bear contemplating.
Will Smith - The first step is you have to say that you can.
Will Smith - So if you stay ready, you ain't gotta get ready, and that is how I run my life.
Will Smith - The things that have been most valuable to me I did not learn in school.
Will Smith - I want the world to be better because I was here.
Will Smith - Whatever your dream is, every extra penny you have needs to be going to that.
Will Smith - I would have absolutely messed up 'The Matrix'.
Will Smith - Life is lived on the edge.
Will Smith - You can cry, ain't no shame in it.
Will Smith - In my mind, I've always been an A-list Hollywood superstar. Y'all just didn't know yet.
Will Smith - A rapper is about being completely true to yourself. Being an actor is about changing who you are.
will.i.am - I was born and raised in the ghetto, on welfare, two minutes from homeless.
will.i.am - It should be mandatory that you understand computer science.
will.i.am - My attention span is very short.
will.i.am - I don't like politics.
will.i.am - I've been truly protected by my uncles.
will.i.am - I just like seeing kids inspired.
will.i.am - I know people in gangs; I could have went down that route.
will.i.am - I have a pro tools rig that I carry in my backpack.
will.i.am - I can procrastinate a little bit.
will.i.am - I don't have political agendas. I have social agendas.
Willa Cather - There are some things you learn best in calm, and some in storm.
Willa Cather - Some memories are realities, and are better than anything that can ever happen to one again.
Willa Cather - Where there is great love, there are always wishes.
Willa Cather - A work-room should be like an old shoe; no matter how shabby, it's better than a new one.
Willa Cather - I like trees because they seem more resigned to the way they have to live than other things do.
Willa Cather - Most of the basic material a writer works with is acquired before the age of fifteen.
Willa Cather - Every artist makes himself born. It is very much harder than the other time, and longer.
Willa Cather - Winter lies too long in country towns; hangs on until it is stale and shabby, old and sullen.
Willa Cather - That is happiness; to be dissolved into something complete and great.
Willa Cather - The fact that I was a girl never damaged my ambitions to be a pope or an emperor.
Willard Scott - Thanksgiving just gets me all warm and tingly and all kinds of wonderful inside.
Willard Scott - Everyone complains about the weather, but nobody ever seems to do anything about it.
Willard Scott - Never slap a man who chews tobacco.
Willard Scott - It was a big story and yesterday's soup. Who cares?
Willard Scott - Everything I've ever done in my life has been a fluke.
Willard Scott - I go to McDonald's at least once a week. I always get a No. 2.
Willard Scott - I'd like to do 'Saturday Night Live.'
Willard Scott - There are plenty of good-looking women out there. Go get them.
Willard Scott - Take a microphone out of my hands, and I'm just plain folks.
Willard Scott - I have the best job in the entire history of broadcasting.
Willem Dafoe - There's a real wisdom to not saying a thing.
Willem Dafoe - I am confident only when I am constantly in motion. Between projects, the doubt creeps in.
Willem Dafoe - Basically, when I hear the words 'family drama,' I run in the opposite direction.
Willem Dafoe - The best thing an actor can be is ready. Be flexible, be ready.
Willem Dafoe - Action breeds inspiration more than inspiration breeds action.
Willem Dafoe - Corruption is something you face all the time. Avoid it.
Willem Dafoe - You have to lose yourself to find yourself.
Willem Dafoe - The worst thing is to get involved with people who aren't passionate about what they're doing.
Willem Dafoe - Weirdness is not my game. I'm just a square boy from Wisconsin.
Willem Dafoe - I'll never be able to really see a film that I'm in.
William Arthur Ward - Opportunities are like sunrises. If you wait too long, you miss them.
William Arthur Ward - When we seek to discover the best in others, we somehow bring out the best in ourselves.
William Arthur Ward - A warm smile is the universal language of kindness.
William Arthur Ward - Feeling gratitude and not expressing it is like wrapping a present and not giving it.
William Arthur Ward - Adversity causes some men to break; others to break records.
William Arthur Ward - Curiosity is the wick in the candle of learning.
William Arthur Ward - God gave you a gift of 86,400 seconds today. Have you used one to say 'thank you?'
William Arthur Ward - Change, like sunshine, can be a friend or a foe, a blessing or a curse, a dawn or a dusk.
William Arthur Ward - To make mistakes is human; to stumble is commonplace; to be able to laugh at yourself is maturity.
William Arthur Ward - Happiness is an inside job.
William Butler Yeats - There are no strangers here; Only friends you haven't yet met.
William Butler Yeats - Education is not the filling of a pail, but the lighting of a fire.
William Butler Yeats - Do not wait to strike till the iron is hot; but make it hot by striking.
William Butler Yeats - Think like a wise man but communicate in the language of the people.
William Butler Yeats - Those that I fight I do not hate, those that I guard I do not love.
William Butler Yeats - Take, if you must, this little bag of dreams, Unloose the cord, and they will wrap you round.
William Butler Yeats - The worst thing about some men is that when they are not drunk they are sober.
William Butler Yeats - We make out of the quarrel with others, rhetoric, but of the quarrel with ourselves, poetry.
William Butler Yeats - Talent perceives differences; genius, unity.
William Butler Yeats - If suffering brings wisdom, I would wish to be less wise.
William C. Bryant - Where hast thou wandered, gentle gale, to find the perfumes thou dost bring?
William C. Bryant - Go forth under the open sky, and list To Nature's teachings.
William C. Bryant - Remorse is virtue's root; its fair increase are fruits of innocence and blessedness.
William C. Bryant - The groves were God's first temples.
William C. Bryant - The little windflower, whose just opened eye is blue as the spring heaven it gazes at.
William C. Bryant - Winning isn't everything, but it beats anything in second place.
William C. Bryant - The February sunshine steeps your boughs and tints the buds and swells the leaves within.
William C. Bryant - All that tread, the globe are but a handful to the tribes, that slumber in its bosom.
William C. Bryant - Pain dies quickly, and lets her weary prisoners go; the fiercest agonies have shortest reign.
William C. Bryant - A sculptor wields The chisel, and the stricken marble grows To beauty.
William Clay Ford, Jr. - Ford comes first before everything else I do in my life.
William Clay Ford, Jr. - I believe fuel cells could end the 100-year reign of the internal combustion engine.
William Clay Ford, Jr. - I don't know if a company can have a soul, but I like to think it can.
William Clay Ford, Jr. - I used to wonder if running a large industrial company would really square with my values.
William Clay Ford, Jr. - The climate is changing, and anyone who disagrees is, in my view, still in denial.
William Clay Ford, Jr. - I have no patience for wasting time.
William Clay Ford, Jr. - The Ford family wants the company to succeed. Period.
William Clay Ford, Jr. - I don't ever want to believe my own press clippings, good or bad.
William Clay Ford, Jr. - We took our eye off the ball as a company.
William Clay Ford, Jr. - S.U.V.'s are under a lot of scrutiny these days, and yet the S.U.V. buyer is a very loyal lot.
William Congreve - Heaven has no rage like love to hatred turned, nor hell a fury like a woman scorned.
William Congreve - Never go to bed angry, stay up and fight.
William Congreve - Uncertainty and expectation are the joys of life. Security is an insipid thing.
William Congreve - Beauty is the lover's gift.
William Congreve - If this be not love, it is madness, and then it is pardonable.
William Congreve - A hungry wolf at all the herd will run, In hopes, through many, to make sure of one.
William Congreve - A little disdain is not amiss; a little scorn is alluring.
William Congreve - Grief walks upon the heels of pleasure; married in haste, we repent at leisure.
William Congreve - Say what you will, 'tis better to be left than never to have been loved.
William Congreve - Wit must be foiled by wit: cut a diamond with a diamond.
William Cowper - Glory, built on selfish principles, is shame and guilt.
William Cowper - Variety's the very spice of life, That gives it all its flavor.
William Cowper - Knowledge is proud that it knows so much; wisdom is humble that it knows no more.
William Cowper - Absence of proof is not proof of absence.
William Cowper - A self-made man? Yes, and one who worships his creator.
William Cowper - The darkest day, if you live till tomorrow, will have passed away.
William Cowper - They whom truth and wisdom lead, can gather honey from a weed.
William Cowper - Man may dismiss compassion from his heart, but God never will.
William Cowper - Nature is a good name for an effect whose cause is God.
William Cowper - Remorse, the fatal egg that pleasure laid.
William Dean Howells - Is it worth while to observe that there are no Venetian blinds in Venice?
William Dean Howells - The action is best that secures the greatest happiness for the greatest number.
William Dean Howells - What the American public wants in the theater is a tragedy with a happy ending.
William Dean Howells - Inequality is as dear to the American heart as liberty itself.
William Dean Howells - He who sleeps in continual noise is wakened by silence.
William Dean Howells - It is the still, small voice that the soul heeds, not the deafening blasts of doom.
William Dean Howells - Some people can stay longer in an hour than others can in a week.
William Dean Howells - The secret of the man who is universally interesting is that he is universally interested.
William Dean Howells - How is it the great pieces of good luck fall to us?
William Dean Howells - Primitive societies without religion have never been found.
William E. Gladstone - Justice delayed is justice denied.
William E. Gladstone - Selfishness is the greatest curse of the human race.
William E. Gladstone - Here is my first principle of foreign policy: good government at home.
William E. Gladstone - All the world over, I will back the masses against the classes.
William E. Gladstone - It is not a life at all. It is a reticence, in three volumes.
William E. Gladstone - No man ever became great or good except through many and great mistakes.
William E. Gladstone - No one ever became great except through many and great mistakes.
William E. Gladstone - Nothing that is morally wrong can be politically right.
William E. Gladstone - Good laws make it easier to do right and harder to do wrong.
William E. Gladstone - You cannot fight against the future. Time is on our side.
William Ellery Channing - Fix your eyes on perfection and you make almost everything speed towards it.
William Ellery Channing - Error is discipline through which we advance.
William Ellery Channing - The home is the chief school of human virtues.
William Ellery Channing - Every man is a volume if you know how to read him.
William Ellery Channing - Faith is love taking the form of aspiration.
William Ellery Channing - How easy to be amiable in the midst of happiness and success.
William Ellery Channing - It is not the quantity but the quality of knowledge which determines the mind's dignity.
William Ellery Channing - Difficulties are meant to rouse, not discourage. The human spirit is to grow strong by conflict.
William Ellery Channing - The world is governed by opinion.
William Ellery Channing - No one should part with their individuality and become that of another.
William F. Buckley, Jr. - To buy very good wine nowadays requires only money. To serve it to your guests is a sign of fatigue.
William F. Buckley, Jr. - I won't insult your intelligence by suggesting that you really believe what you just said.
William F. Buckley, Jr. - I profoundly believe it takes a lot of practice to become a moral slob.
William F. Buckley, Jr. - Scientists are people who build the Brooklyn Bridge and then buy it.
William F. Buckley, Jr. - Some of my instincts are reprehensible.
William F. Buckley, Jr. - The best defense against usurpatory government is an assertive citizenry.
William F. Buckley, Jr. - A Conservative is a fellow who is standing athwart history yelling 'Stop!'
William F. Buckley, Jr. - I would like to take you seriously, but to do so would affront your intelligence.
William F. Buckley, Jr. - We love your adherence to democratic principles.
William F. Buckley, Jr. - All adventure is now reactionary.
William Feather - A budget tells us what we can't afford, but it doesn't keep us from buying it.
William Feather - One way to get the most out of life is to look upon it as an adventure.
William Feather - Finishing a good book is like leaving a good friend.
William Feather - No man is a failure who is enjoying life.
William Feather - A man must not deny his manifest abilities, for that is to evade his obligations.
William Feather - Setting a good example for your children takes all the fun out of middle age.
William Feather - The reward of energy, enterprise and thrift is taxes.
William Feather - Beware of the person who can't be bothered by details.
William Feather - Concentrate on your job and you will forget your other troubles.
William Feather - He isn't a real boss until he has trained subordinates to shoulder most of his responsibilities.
William Gibson - Time moves in one direction, memory in another.
William Gibson - The future has already arrived. It's just not evenly distributed yet.
William Gibson - Language is to the mind more than light is to the eye.
William Gibson - The 'Net is a waste of time, and that's exactly what's right about it.
William Gibson - I'm happiest with people who've gotten furthest from traditional ideas of nationalism.
William Gibson - The box was a universe, a poem, frozen on the boundaries of human experience.
William Gibson - I'm always interested in the spooky repurposing of everyday things.
William Gibson - The sky above the port was the color of television, tuned to a dead station.
William Gibson - I don't begin a novel with a shopping list - the novel becomes my shopping list as I write it.
William Gibson - The people I hang out with tend to use Macs, not that I think they're necessarily superior.
William Glasser - We are driven by five genetic needs: survival, love and belonging, power, freedom, and fun.
William Glasser - I think education is both using and improving knowledge and that changes the whole picture.
William Glasser - If you want to change attitudes, start with a change in behavior.
William Glasser - You can acquire a lot of knowledge without ever going to school.
William Glasser - What students lack in school is an intellectual relationship or conversation with the teacher.
William Glasser - No human being will work hard at anything unless they believe that they are working for competence.
William Glasser - I think it is totally wrong and terribly harmful if education is defined as acquiring knowledge.
William Glasser - Effective teaching may be the hardest job there is.
William Glasser - Caring for but never trying to own may be a further way to define friendship.
William Glasser - Don't marry someone you would not be friends with if there was no sex between you.
William Godwin - He that loves reading has everything within his reach.
William Godwin - Revolutions are the produce of passion, not of sober and tranquil reason.
William Godwin - The philosophy of the wisest man that ever existed, is mainly derived from the act of introspection.
William Godwin - It is probable that there is no one thing that it is of eminent importance for a child to learn.
William Godwin - The proper method for hastening the decay of error is by teaching every man to think for himself.
William Godwin - Study with desire is real activity; without desire it is but the semblance and mockery of activity.
William Godwin - If a thing be really good, it can be shown to be such.
William Godwin - Everything understood by the term co-operation is in some sense an evil.
William Godwin - Justice is the sum of all moral duty.
William Godwin - What can be more clear and sound in explanation, than the love of a parent to his child?
William Golding - He who rides the sea of the Nile must have sails woven of patience.
William Golding - My yesterdays walk with me. They keep step, they are gray faces that peer over my shoulder.
William Golding - What a man does defiles him, not what is done by others.
William Golding - Sleep is when all the unsorted stuff comes flying out as from a dustbin upset in a high wind.
William Golding - Language fits over experience like a straight-jacket.
William Golding - Childhood is a disease - a sickness that you grow out of.
William Golding - Man produces evil as a bee produces honey.
William Golding - I have always understood the Nazis because I am of that sort by nature.
William Golding - When I wrote 'Lord of the Flies' - I had no idea it would even get published.
William Golding - I'd rather there wasn't an afterlife, really. I'd much rather not be me for thousands of years.
William Greider - Leaks and whispers are a daily routine of news-gathering in Washington.
William Greider - The burnt odor in Washington is from the disintegrating authority of the governing classes.
William Greider - Americans cannot teach democracy to the world until they restore their own.
William Greider - Nevertheless, I resist cynicism and continue to believe in the possibilities for genuine democracy.
William Greider - In this country you can say aloud or publish just about anything you like.
William Greider - If we have wealth, it will be protected from inflation and possibly even enhanced in value.
William Greider - The economy is not governed with the bottom half in mind.
William Greider - In 1900 Americans on average lived for only 49 years and most working people died still on the job.
William Greider - Children born today have a fifty-fifty chance of living to 100.
William Greider - The do-it-yourself version of pensions is a flop, as many Americans have painfully learned.
William Hague - I have found that I get a better reaction from people once I am less bothered about their reaction.
William Hague - Yes, I've never inherited a penny!
William Hague - There's only one growth strategy: work hard.
William Hague - A generation of children has been betrayed.
William Hague - Egypt is a sovereign nation.
William Hague - I have always thought that foreign-policy idealism has to be tempered with realism.
William Hague - For the security of the UK, it matters a lot for Somalia to become a more stable place.
William Hague - I'm not, nor is anybody I know in government part of a nasty right wing clique.
William Hague - I think Britain would be alright, if only we had a different Government.
William Hague - One day I will go back to my books and piano, but not yet.
William Hazlitt - A gentle word, a kind look, a good-natured smile can work wonders and accomplish miracles.
William Hazlitt - The more we do, the more we can do.
William Hazlitt - Good temper is one of the greatest preservers of the features.
William Hazlitt - Grace has been defined as the outward expression of the inward harmony of the soul.
William Hazlitt - The busier we are the more leisure we have.
William Hazlitt - It is not fit that every man should travel; it makes a wise man better, and a fool worse.
William Hazlitt - The love of liberty is the love of others; the love of power is the love of ourselves.
William Hazlitt - Love turns, with a little indulgence, to indifference or disgust; hatred alone is immortal.
William Hazlitt - No one ever approaches perfection except by stealth, and unknown to themselves.
William Hazlitt - Zeal will do more than knowledge.
William Howard Taft - As the Republican platforms says, the welfare of the farmer is vital to that of the whole country.
William Howard Taft - Failure to accord credit to anyone for what he may have done is a great weakness in any man.
William Howard Taft - Enthusiasm for a cause sometimes warps judgment.
William Howard Taft - Anti-Semitism is a noxious weed that should be cut out. It has no place in America.
William Howard Taft - Presidents come and go, but the Supreme Court goes on forever.
William Howard Taft - Don't write so that you can be understood, write so that you can't be misunderstood.
William Howard Taft - Politics makes me sick.
William Howard Taft - The trouble with me is that I like to talk too much.
William Howard Taft - A government is for the benefit of all the people.
William Howard Taft - The world is not going to be saved by legislation.
William Hurt - We'd like to prearrange our life on all levels. We'd prefer it to be scripted. But it's not.
William Hurt - I want to prove a point. That point is, actors are artists, not narcissists necessarily.
William Hurt - What's really frustrating with movies is the lack of improvement.
William Hurt - Being a father, being a friend, those are the things that make me feel successful.
William Hurt - My greatest offering is my concept. It isn't my face.
William Hurt - Rage with panache.
William Hurt - I don't put the truth in a cage. I try to find a way to release it.
William Hurt - Defeating fear is not a light switch. For most of us, it's daily work.
William Hurt - If you don't exercise, you don't stay strong. I like to work with talented people.
William Hurt - You can only sit on the frustration of wanting to express something for so long.
William J. Clinton - You can put wings on a pig, but you don't make it an eagle.
William J. Clinton - There is nothing wrong with America that cannot be cured with what is right in America.
William J. Clinton - Promising too much can be as cruel as caring too little.
William J. Clinton - I came of age believing that, no matter what happened, I would always be able to support myself.
William J. Clinton - Poor Darrell Hammond. What's he going to do when I leave office?
William J. Clinton - Strength and wisdom are not opposing values.
William J. Clinton - When we make college more affordable, we make the American dream more achievable.
William J. Clinton - Character is a journey, not a destination.
William J. Clinton - I haven't eaten at a McDonald's since I became President.
William J. Clinton - We must teach our children to resolve their conflicts with words, not weapons.
William Lyon Mackenzie King - Only the man who disciplines himself strictly can stand for long the terrific pace of modern war.
William Lyon Mackenzie King - Conscription if necessary, but not necessarily conscription.
William Lyon Mackenzie King - Once a nation parts with the control of its credit, it matters not who makes the laws.
William Lyon Mackenzie King - Usury once in control will wreck the nation.
William Lyon Mackenzie King - Let it be remembered, too, that at a time of war, nearly every one is under great strain.
William Lyon Mackenzie King - It is what we prevent, rather than what we do that counts most in Government.
William Lyon Mackenzie King - Fortunately, the Canadian people in all their habits, are essentially a temperate people.
William Lyon Mackenzie King - Every hour of useful work is precious.
William Lyon Mackenzie King - Workers in industry are the partners in war of the fighting forces.
William Lyon Mackenzie King - I really believe my greatest service is in the many unwise steps I prevent.
William Lyon Phelps - In a start-up company, you basically throw out all assumptions every three weeks.
William Lyon Phelps - I divide all readers into two classes: those who read to remember and those who read to forget.
William Lyon Phelps - There is a strange reluctance on the part of most people to admit they enjoy life.
William Lyon Phelps - The final test of a gentleman is his respect for those who can be of no possible service to him.
William Lyon Phelps - If I didn't start painting, I would have raised chickens.
William Lyon Phelps - One of the secrets of life is to keep our intellectual curiosity acute.
William Lyon Phelps - If at first you don't succeed, find out if the loser gets anything.
William Lyon Phelps - The happiest people in this world are those who have the most interesting thoughts.
William Lyon Phelps - The fear of life is the favorite disease of the 20th century.
William Lyon Phelps - A cat pours his body on the floor like water. It is restful just to see him.
William Makepeace Thackeray - When you look at me, when you think of me, I am in paradise.
William Makepeace Thackeray - A good laugh is sunshine in the house.
William Makepeace Thackeray - Mother is the name for God in the lips and hearts of little children.
William Makepeace Thackeray - When I walk with you I feel as if I had a flower in my buttonhole.
William Makepeace Thackeray - The world is a looking glass and gives back to every man the reflection of his own face.
William Makepeace Thackeray - Next to excellence is the appreciation of it.
William Makepeace Thackeray - Bravery never goes out of fashion.
William Makepeace Thackeray - Good humor is one of the best articles of dress one can wear in society.
William Makepeace Thackeray - It is impossible, in our condition of Society, not to be sometimes a Snob.
William Makepeace Thackeray - Follow your honest convictions and be strong.
William Morris - The true secret of happiness lies in taking a genuine interest in all the details of daily life.
William Morris - Have nothing in your house that you do not know to be useful, or believe to be beautiful.
William Morris - I do not want art for a few any more than education for a few, or freedom for a few.
William Morris - Give me love and work - these two only.
William Morris - The reward of labour is life. Is that not enough?
William Morris - Not on one strand are all life's jewels strung.
William Morris - If you cannot learn to love real art, at least learn to hate sham art and reject it.
William Morris - No man is good enough to be another's master.
William Morris - To do nothing but grumble and not to act - that is throwing away one's life.
William Morris - I am going, if I can, to be an architect, and I am too old already, and there is no time to lose.
William O. Douglas - The Constitution is not neutral. It was designed to take the government off the backs of people.
William O. Douglas - It seemed to me that I had barely reached the Court when people were trying to get me off.
William O. Douglas - Tell the FBI that the kidnappers should pick out a judge that Nixon wants back.
William O. Douglas - We are a religious people whose institutions presuppose a Supreme Being.
William O. Douglas - Common sense often makes good law.
William O. Douglas - We do not sit as a superlegislature to weigh the wisdom of legislation.
William O. Douglas - The right to be let alone is indeed the beginning of all freedoms.
William O. Douglas - Literature should not be suppressed merely because it offends the moral code of the censor.
William O. Douglas - The liberties of none are safe unless the liberties of all are protected.
William O. Douglas - No patent medicine was ever put to wider and more varied use than the Fourteenth Amendment.
William Osler - The good physician treats the disease; the great physician treats the patient who has the disease.
William Osler - Medicine is a science of uncertainty and an art of probability.
William Osler - The best preparation for tomorrow is to do today's work superbly well.
William Osler - The value of experience is not in seeing much, but in seeing wisely.
William Osler - The very first step towards success in any occupation is to become interested in it.
William Osler - Soap and water and common sense are the best disinfectants.
William Osler - The first duties of the physician is to educate the masses not to take medicine.
William Osler - The greater the ignorance the greater the dogmatism.
William Osler - Look wise, say nothing, and grunt. Speech was given to conceal thought.
William Osler - One of the first duties of the physician is to educate the masses not to take medicine.
William Penn - The jealous are troublesome to others, but a torment to themselves.
William Penn - Patience and Diligence, like faith, remove mountains.
William Penn - Men must be governed by God or they will be ruled by tyrants.
William Penn - Truth often suffers more by the heat of its defenders than the arguments of its opposers.
William Penn - Passion is the mob of the man, that commits a riot upon his reason.
William Penn - For death is no more than a turning of us over from time to eternity.
William Penn - Let the people think they govern and they will be governed.
William Penn - Kings in this world should imitate God, their mercy should be above their works.
William Penn - Rarely promise, but, if lawful, constantly perform.
William Penn - Only trust thyself, and another shall not betray thee.
William Ralph Inge - The aim of education is the knowledge not of facts but of values.
William Ralph Inge - There are no rewards or punishments - only consequences.
William Ralph Inge - Worry is interest paid on trouble before it comes due.
William Ralph Inge - A man may build himself a throne of bayonets, but he can't sit on it.
William Ralph Inge - Whoever marries the spirit of this age will find himself a widower in the next.
William Ralph Inge - Originality is undetected plagiarism.
William Ralph Inge - No Christian can be a pessimist, for Christianity is a system of radical optimism.
William Ralph Inge - True faith is belief in the reality of absolute values.
William Ralph Inge - To become a popular religion, it is only necessary for a superstition to enslave a philosophy.
William Ralph Inge - The enemies of freedom do not argue; they shout and they shoot.
William S. Burroughs - The aim of education is the knowledge, not of facts, but of values.
William S. Burroughs - Your mind will answer most questions if you learn to relax and wait for the answer.
William S. Burroughs - The purpose of technology is not to confuse the brain but to serve the body.
William S. Burroughs - Sometimes paranoia's just having all the facts.
William S. Burroughs - My relationships with my cats has saved me from a deadly, pervasive ignorance.
William S. Burroughs - Language is a virus from outer space.
William S. Burroughs - You can't fake quality any more than you can fake a good meal.
William S. Burroughs - Nothing is true, everything is permitted.
William S. Burroughs - Silence is only frightening to people who are compulsively verbalizing.
William S. Burroughs - After one look at this planet any visitor from outer space would say 'I want to see the manager.'
William Safire - Never assume the obvious is true.
William Safire - The right to do something does not mean that doing it is right.
William Safire - Last, but not least, avoid cliches like the plague.
William Safire - Is sloppiness in speech caused by ignorance or apathy? I don't know and I don't care.
William Safire - I'm willing to zap conservatives when they do things that are not libertarian.
William Safire - Writers who used to show off their erudition no longer sing in the bare ruined choir of the media.
William Safire - When I need to know the meaning of a word, I look it up in a dictionary.
William Safire - When articulation is impossible, gesticulation comes to the rescue.
William Safire - Have a definite opinion.
William Safire - I think we all have a need to know what we do not need to know.
William Shatner - You have to create your life. You have to carve it, like a sculpture.
William Shatner - You need to be silly to be funny.
William Shatner - The longer I go about living, I see it's the relationship that is most meaningful.
William Shatner - I'm surfing the giant life wave.
William Shatner - How do I stay so healthy and boyishly handsome? It's simple. I drink the blood of young runaways.
William Shatner - I often conduct interviews in my truck.
William Shatner - The basic quality that any great story must have is a story that illustrates the human condition.
William Shatner - Divorce is probably as painful as death.
William Shatner - Energy is the key to creativity. Energy is the key to life.
William Shatner - I think making a good film shot is joyful.
William Shenstone - A miser grows rich by seeming poor; an extravagant man grows poor by seeming rich.
William Shenstone - Jealousy is the fear or apprehension of superiority: envy our uneasiness under it.
William Shenstone - Every single instance of a friend's insincerity increases our dependence on the efficacy of money.
William Shenstone - The eye must be easy, before it can be pleased.
William Shenstone - A fool and his words are soon parted.
William Shenstone - A man has generally the good or ill qualities, which he attributes to mankind.
William Shenstone - Every good poet includes a critic, but the reverse is not true.
William Shenstone - Virtues, like essences, lose their fragrance when exposed.
William Shenstone - Poetry and consumption are the most flattering of diseases.
William Shenstone - What leads to unhappiness, is making pleasure the chief aim.
William Tecumseh Sherman - War is cruelty. There is no use trying to reform it. The crueler it is, the sooner it will be over.
William Tecumseh Sherman - I intend to make Georgia howl.
William Tecumseh Sherman - If nominated, I will not run; if elected, I will not serve.
William Tecumseh Sherman - The voice of the people is the voice of humbug.
William Tecumseh Sherman - I beg to present you as a Christmas gift the city of Savannah.
William Tecumseh Sherman - War is hell.
William Tecumseh Sherman - There is many a boy here today who looks on war as all glory, but, boys, it is all hell.
William Tecumseh Sherman - A battery of field artillery is worth a thousand muskets.
William Tecumseh Sherman - Courage - a perfect sensibility of the measure of danger, and a mental willingness to endure it.
William Tecumseh Sherman - If you don't have my army supplied, and keep it supplied, we'll eat your mules up, sir.
William Weld - The courts are truly the least dangerous of the three branches of our government.
William Weld - I think coercive taxation is theft, and government has a moral duty to keep it to a minimum.
William Weld - Much is forgiven anyone who relieves the desperate boredom of the working press.
William Weld - I have come to realize that Jesse Helms stands for everything in politics that is anathema to me.
William Weld - Liberals often don't see the problems, and conservatives don't see the promise, of government.
William Weld - So government acts as a safeguard of our property.
William Weld - Government has a role as well in what is referred to as redistributive justice.
William Weld - Government is never so noble as when it is addressing wrongs.
William Weld - I think government has a major role to play in helping us with the pursuit of happiness.
William Weld - There are several such issues where I have departed radically from the Republican orthodoxy.
William Westmoreland - Without censorship, things can get terribly confused in the public mind.
William Westmoreland - War is fear cloaked in courage.
William Westmoreland - Television is an instrument which can paralyze this country.
William Westmoreland - The military don't start wars. Politicians start wars.
William Westmoreland - We moved in to help the Vietnamese defend their country and confront the Viet Cong.
William Westmoreland - It became very clear that Hanoi was in effect strategically running the Viet Cong operation.
William Westmoreland - We were succeeding. When you looked at specifics, this became a war of attrition. We were winning.
William Westmoreland - I don't think I have been loved by my troops, but I think I have been respected.
William Westmoreland - We had the best food any battlefield ever had.
William Westmoreland - Militarily, we succeeded in Vietnam. We won every engagement we were involved in out there.
William Wordsworth - Come forth into the light of things, let nature be your teacher.
William Wordsworth - The flower that smells the sweetest is shy and lowly.
William Wordsworth - The ocean is a mighty harmonist.
William Wordsworth - Suffering is permanent, obscure and dark, And shares the nature of infinity.
William Wordsworth - What is pride? A rocket that emulates the stars.
William Wordsworth - Fill your paper with the breathings of your heart.
William Wordsworth - Not without hope we suffer and we mourn.
William Wordsworth - To me the meanest flower that blows can give thoughts that do often lie too deep for tears.
William Wordsworth - To begin, begin.
William Wordsworth - Pictures deface walls more often than they decorate them.
William Wyler - Stills belong in the lobby, not on the screen.
William Wyler - It's eighty percent script and twenty percent you get great actors. There's nothing else to it.
William Wyler - Great pictures can't be entirely fictitious.
William Wyler - There's only one prima donna in my pictures, and that's me!
William Wyler - The slightest thing can ruin a scene, but you must be willing to take chances.
William Wyler - Everything a director does must help the story and the performances. Otherwise, it is useless.
William Wyler - To me it's more fun and more challenging, too, to do different types of pictures.
William Wyler - If Beethoven could write his 'Eroica Symphony' stone deaf, then William Wyler can do a musical.
William Wyler - Confusion seems to have become the vogue of European directors.
William Wyler - There is nothing clever about confusion.
Willie Aames - It's easy to be led astray when you're so broken. People take advantage of you.
Willie Aames - God continues to work miracles in my life.
Willie Aames - I never thought of myself as handsome.
Willie Aames - I remember thinking, That's what I need - and that hope was in Jesus Christ.
Willie Aames - We produce programs that honor God and impact our world.
Willie Aames - This is an exact replica of my chest.
Willie Aames - This is not what I would have chosen. But I have a heart to be obedient.
Willie Aames - We've been called, and He has blessed.
Willie Aames - I don't think you need to go looking for the enemy. He's going to look for you.
Willie Aames - If there's comfort involved, it's probably not for me.
Willie Geist - When you're young, the blue blazer feels like a grown-up costume.
Willie Geist - It doesn't matter if you're famous or infamous. All that matters is you're a celebrity.
Willie Geist - Chris Rock is a very funny man.
Willie Geist - Bachelor parties would pay a lot of money to hire Pat Buchanan to come.
Willie Geist - I've had two pedicures in my life, and they were glorious.
Willie Geist - I'm pretty sure people are going to start writing letters again once the email fad passes.
Willie Geist - The thing about me is that I don't judge my audience. I welcome. It is a big tent.
Willie Geist - Do whatever you want to do in the privacy of your own home.
Willie Geist - Golf is the only sport where watching the game is arguably as grueling physically as playing it.
Willie Geist - When you live in New York City, you run up a long list of things you've been meaning to do.
Willie Mays - They throw the ball, I hit it. They hit the ball, I catch it.
Willie Mays - I think I was the best baseball player I ever saw.
Willie Mays - Defense to me is the key to playing baseball.
Willie Mays - Yes, I had to learn how to live life outside, but I had so many people help me.
Willie Mays - I don't compare 'em, I just catch 'em.
Willie Mays - It's not hard. When I'm not hitting, I don't hit nobody. But when I'm hitting, I hit anybody.
Willie Mays - I don't mean to be bashful, but I was.
Willie Mays - I didn't say I was that smart, I said I went to class and I enjoyed what I was doing.
Willie Mays - Every time I look at my pocketbook, I see Jackie Robinson.
Willie Mays - When I'm not hitting, I don't hit nobody. But, when I'm hitting, I hit anybody.
Willie Nelson - Once you replace negative thoughts with positive ones, you'll start having positive results.
Willie Nelson - When I started counting my blessings, my whole life turned around.
Willie Nelson - I been a long time leaving but I'm going to be a long time gone.
Willie Nelson - If you really want to get along with somebody, let them be themselves.
Willie Nelson - Three chords and the truth - that's what a country song is.
Willie Nelson - I like myself better when I'm writing regularly.
Willie Nelson - You know why divorces are so expensive? They're worth it.
Willie Nelson - If you got the money honey I got the time and when you run out of money honey I run out of time.
Willie Nelson - We're still here trying to get the word out that 330 farmers are quitting every week.
Willie Nelson - As long as there's a few farmers out there, we'll keep fighting for them.
Willie Stargell - A World Series trophy is a wonderful thing to behold.
Willie Stargell - I love September, especially when we're in it.
Willie Stargell - It's supposed to be fun, the man says 'Play Ball' not 'Work Ball' you know.
Willie Stargell - You only have a few years to play this game and you can't play it if you're all tied up in knots.
Willie Stargell - Life is one big transition.
Willie Stargell - I'm proud of the fact that I'm the only player to hit a ball completely out of Dodger Stadium.
Willie Stargell - Helping someone is what life is all about.
Willie Stargell - Human beings are pampered by the Lord. Their real tests don't come until later in life.
Willie Stargell - Simple pleasures were all the pleasures that I knew as a child.
Willie Stargell - I would always reserve a special place in my heart for Pittsburgh.
Wilson Mizner - Don't talk about yourself; it will be done when you leave.
Wilson Mizner - Gambling: The sure way of getting nothing for something.
Wilson Mizner - If you count all your assets you always show a profit.
Wilson Mizner - If you steal from one author it's plagiarism; if you steal from many it's research.
Wilson Mizner - To profit from good advice requires more wisdom than to give it.
Wilson Mizner - You sparkle with larceny.
Wilson Mizner - It is not in life, but in art that self-fulfillment is to be found.
Wilson Mizner - There is something about a closet that makes a skeleton terribly restless.
Wilson Mizner - In the battle of existence, Talent is the punch; Tact is the clever footwork.
Wilson Mizner - Those who welcome death have only tried it from the ears up.
Win Butler - The idea of peer critique, of talking about each other's art - I just found it so useless.
Win Butler - I love my iPhone; it's great to have a camera around all the time.
Win Butler - Everyone has their own talents. It's up to the individual to see what you can actually do.
Win Butler - Usually, I think you have most of your musical influences locked down by the time you're 16.
Win Butler - It's a lot easier to sabotage your career than to have a career to sabotage.
Win Butler - The cliched rock life never seemed that cool to me.
Win Butler - I think there's some pretty amazing language in the Bible.
Win Butler - I never really felt super-Texan. It wasn't like I was unhappy, but I wasn't superhappy.
Win Butler - I'm not someone who can dance to a song I don't like.
Win Butler - The idea of dancing to bad house music is something I could never get behind.
Winona Ryder - You've got to grow up sometime.
Winona Ryder - You can't pay enough money to... cure that feeling of being broken and confused.
Winona Ryder - I've learned that it's OK to be flawed.
Winona Ryder - I have this sense that I didn't really start growing up until my twenties.
Winona Ryder - I'm not into wrinkles.
Winona Ryder - I'm used to being told what to say, but not what to think... that's usually left up to me.
Winona Ryder - One of my worst fears is being a self-indulgent person.
Winona Ryder - I'm just coming from a more personal - and, I guess, more nostalgic - point of view.
Winona Ryder - I've always been fascinated with twins.
Winona Ryder - I want to be a good friend, a good sister, a good person and a good actress.
Wislawa Szymborska - Keep up the good work, if only for a while, if only for the twinkling of a tiny galaxy.
Wislawa Szymborska - Somewhere out there the world must have an end.
Wislawa Szymborska - This terrifying world is not devoid of charms, of the mornings that make waking up worthwhile.
Wislawa Szymborska - You can find the entire cosmos lurking in its least remarkable objects.
Wislawa Szymborska - All is mine but nothing owned, nothing owned for memory, and mine only while I look.
Wislawa Szymborska - Even the worst book can give us something to think about.
Wislawa Szymborska - Every beginning is only a sequel, after all, and the book of events is always open halfway through.
Wislawa Szymborska - I like being near the top of a mountain. One can't get lost here.
Wislawa Szymborska - I'm drowning in papers.
Wislawa Szymborska - In every tragedy, an element of comedy is preserved. Comedy is just tragedy reversed.
Wiz Khalifa - I have an idea of who I want to be, I have a vision of my own success.
Wiz Khalifa - Every day is new. It's just a new day. I look at six hours at a time.
Wiz Khalifa - I'm always hustling.
Wiz Khalifa - I critique myself way harder than anybody else could critique me.
Wiz Khalifa - I think wherever you go, when people hear good music, they will react to it.
Wiz Khalifa - I want to be an icon.
Wiz Khalifa - I never want to confuse people or go over their heads.
Wiz Khalifa - I don't take time off.
Wiz Khalifa - People connect with me just as a cool, around-the-way type of guy.
Wiz Khalifa - I like a lot of old-school R&B, soul, and classic rock.
Wole Soyinka - A tiger does not shout its tigritude, it acts.
Wole Soyinka - Each time I think I've created time for myself, along comes a throwback to disrupt my private space.
Wole Soyinka - Books and all forms of writing are terror to those who wish to suppress the truth.
Wole Soyinka - The greatest threat to freedom is the absence of criticism.
Wole Soyinka - I am a glutton for tranquility.
Wole Soyinka - Human life has meaning only to that degree and as long as it is lived in the service of humanity.
Wole Soyinka - I like my peace and quiet whenever I can grab it.
Wole Soyinka - The hand that dips into the bottom of the pot will eat the biggest snail.
Wole Soyinka - We live in a materialist world, and materialism appeals so strongly to humanity, no matter where.
Wole Soyinka - But the ultimate lesson is just sit down and write. That's all.
Wolf Blitzer - My rule of thumb is that if I am interested or intrigued by something, others will be as well.
Wolf Blitzer - My best stories come from well-placed sources who point me in the right direction.
Wolf Blitzer - My goal is to make the viewer a little bit smarter.
Wolf Blitzer - I love politics.
Wolf Blitzer - I eat right. I exercise. I run 5 miles a day on the treadmill.
Wolf Blitzer - I tend to overwrite; I need a good editor.
Wolf Blitzer - We'll have to wait the old-fashioned way.
Wolf Blitzer - Looks like a pretty serious race unfolding.
Wolf Blitzer - There are millions and millions of patriotic Muslim Americans.
Wolf Blitzer - I have a few TVs.
Wolfgang Puck - Italian food is all about ingredients and it's not fussy and it's not fancy.
Wolfgang Puck - I learned more from the one restaurant that didn't work than from all the ones that were successes.
Wolfgang Puck - The most important thing for me is to really buy the best ingredient.
Wolfgang Puck - I like to be firm. But it is easier to be nice than to be nasty.
Wolfgang Puck - A lot of restaurants serve good food, but they don't have very good service.
Wolfgang Puck - For me, cooking is an expression of the land where you are and the culture of that place.
Wolfgang Puck - A chef is a mixture maybe of artistry and craft. You have to learn the craft really to get there.
Wolfgang Puck - I think it's really important to keep on staying motivated.
Wolfgang Puck - I like the Japanese knives, I like French knives. Whatever's sharp.
Wolfgang Puck - When I was 27, if I didn't put 15 things in one dish I wasn't happy.
Woodrow Wilson - The history of liberty is a history of resistance.
Woodrow Wilson - The ear of the leader must ring with the voices of the people.
Woodrow Wilson - The man who is swimming against the stream knows the strength of it.
Woodrow Wilson - Never attempt to murder a man who is committing suicide.
Woodrow Wilson - Golf is a game in which one endeavors to control a ball with implements ill adapted for the purpose.
Woodrow Wilson - I not only use all the brains that I have, but all that I can borrow.
Woodrow Wilson - If you want to make enemies, try to change something.
Woodrow Wilson - Prosperity is necessarily the first theme of a political campaign.
Woodrow Wilson - That a peasant may become king does not render the kingdom democratic.
Woodrow Wilson - A conservative is someone who makes no changes and consults his grandmother when in doubt.
Woody Harrelson - A grownup is a child with layers on.
Woody Harrelson - The war against terrorism is terrorism.
Woody Harrelson - Salma is just one of the great goddesses ever put on this Earth.
Woody Harrelson - Well for six years during Cheers I couldn't get another job.
Woody Harrelson - My main hope for myself is to be where I am.
Woody Harrelson - To the men in Washington, the world is just a giant Monopoly board.
Woody Harrelson - It's an odd beast, fame. It's got multiple personalities.
Woody Harrelson - Two boxes of Step Forward Paper saves one tree - that's a real stat.
Woody Harrelson - I think I've been an incredible example to my kids of what not to do.
Woody Harrelson - We've killed a million Iraqis since the start of the Gulf war - mostly by blocking humanitarian aid.
Woody Hayes - I am not very smart, but I recognize that I am not very smart.
Woody Hayes - I don't apologize for anything. When I make a mistake, I take the blame and go on from there.
Woody Hayes - Success is the only motivational factor that a boy with character needs.
Woody Hayes - There's nothing that cleanses your soul like getting the hell kicked out of you.
Woody Hayes - The bowl games are only supposed to be a fun reward.
Woody Hayes - I don't like nice people. I like tough, honest people.
Woody Hayes - I may not be able to outsmart too many people, but I can outwork 'em.
Woody Hayes - Nothing that comes easy is worth a dime.
Woody Hayes - Without winners, there wouldn't even be any civilization.
Woody Hayes - A man is always better than he thinks.
Wyclef Jean - Bob Marley stood for universal peace and love. He tried to break racial barriers.
Wyclef Jean - Every generation is gonna keep changing, and you just have to embrace the change.
Wyclef Jean - I lived in the projects and the ghetto, and turned the negative into a positive.
Wyclef Jean - You know, I'm a modern day Harry Belafonte; I got the swagger of the island.
Wyclef Jean - I'm hands-on with everything, always trying to reach the real people.
Wyclef Jean - All that violence in the world, we need to stop that.
Wyclef Jean - I do music for the love of it, and I've been doing it from a very young age: about 11.
Wyclef Jean - I'm the hip-hop Quincy Jones of today.
Wyclef Jean - There's not a hip-hop artist that didn't snatch of piece of Bob Marley. It's totally impossible.
Wyclef Jean - I like to go against the grain, against what's out there. Every day is like a challenge.
Wylie Dufresne - My mother made the best scrambled eggs, super-loose and soft.
Wylie Dufresne - I don't think of eggs as being fundamental to the flavor of mayonnaise, but they are to Hollandaise.
Wylie Dufresne - American cheese is the perfect soft taco.
Wylie Dufresne - I can fry hollandaise, I can fry ketchup, I can fry mustard.
Wylie Dufresne - The East Village is where I cut my teeth as a kid. I ran around here on a skateboard.
Wylie Dufresne - I've always had fond memories of cooking Thanksgiving.
Wylie Dufresne - I think I can poach a pretty mean egg the old-fashioned way.
Wylie Dufresne - The spirit of pickling is one of adventure and fun.
Wylie Dufresne - I have no interest in vegetarians whatsoever. Zero. Less than zero.
Wylie Dufresne - There will never be a universal way of cooking, but information will always be universally useful.
Wynonna Judd - You have to fill your cup. You then give away the overflowing, but you keep a cupful for yourself.
Wynonna Judd - Without love in you life, you have nothing.
Wynonna Judd - Silence is refreshment for the soul.
Wynonna Judd - I am most proud that I stayed true to the music of my soul.
Wynonna Judd - It took me 36 years to be able to be by myself and like it.
Wynonna Judd - I never took a music lesson in my life, it just came naturally.
Wynonna Judd - My music is about the journey, about love and the human experience.
Wynonna Judd - When you are real in your music, people know it and they feel your authenticity.
Wynonna Judd - Digital downloading of music has affected us all in adverse ways.
Wynonna Judd - The love of these people and of my fans mean more than any award or special accomplishment.
Wynton Marsalis - We always hear about the rights of democracy, but the major responsibility of it is participation.
Wynton Marsalis - Ethics are more important than laws.
Wynton Marsalis - We looked up to our father. He still is much greater than us.
Wynton Marsalis - A musician's whole life is to listen.
Wynton Marsalis - Don't settle for style. Succeed in substance.
Wynton Marsalis - Only a few act - the rest of us reap the benefits of their risk.
Wynton Marsalis - It was Dr. King's tireless activism that fostered our modern way of relating to one another.
Wynton Marsalis - Whenever you face a man who's playing your instrument, there's a competition.
Wynton Marsalis - When people dress well, they play well.
Wynton Marsalis - I wanted to make somebody feel like Coltrane made me feel, listening to it.
Xavier Becerra - Winning the peace is harder than winning the war.
Xavier Becerra - We cannot undo the past in this misguided war in Iraq.
Xavier Becerra - The good news is that parents are the leading influence on kids' decision not to drink alcohol.
Xavier Becerra - Diabetes occurs at twice the rate in the African American community as it does in white Americans.
Xavier Becerra - As of 2002, two million Latino adults had been diagnosed with diabetes.
Xavier Becerra - I will fight like the dickens to protect Social Security.
Xavier Becerra - Having passion does not mean you have to descend into bickering and fighting.
Xavier Becerra - If something is personal to you, you are much more likely to act.
Xavier Becerra - You don't win the game if you try to hit home runs all the time.
Xavier Becerra - I've learned to be pragmatic, but I don't sacrifice my principles, my values.
Xavier Niel - In life, you need a house and a car. After that, you have a choice.
Xavier Niel - I made a lot of money, and I want to give something back to my country.
Xavier Niel - I once said, 'Steve Jobs is the American Xavier Niel,' but that was humour.
Xavier Niel - I'm not unusual; it's the others who are strange.
Xavier Niel - It's funny how the smallest things I've done speak the loudest about me, but I like that.
Xavier Niel - I always follow the same idea: Start small and disrupt to create something big.
Xavier Niel - I'm always investing. I'm constantly in talks with someone about some opportunity.
Xavier Niel - I like being an outsider. It is better in France on the outside.
Xavier Niel - We need to create an ecosystem which will make young people want to start their own company.
Xavier Niel - 'Entrepreneur' is a French word.
Xun Kuang - If knowledge and foresight are too penetrating and deep, unify them with ease and sincerity.
Xun Kuang - I once tried thinking for an entire day, but I found it less valuable than one moment of study.
Xun Kuang - The person attempting to travel two roads at once will get nowhere.
Xun Kuang - Mencius said that human nature is good. I disagree with that.
Xun Kuang - Human nature is evil, and goodness is caused by intentional activity.
Xun Kuang - A person is born with a liking for profit.
Xun Kuang - The coming of honor or disgrace must be a reflection of one's inner power.
Xun Kuang - The rigid cause themselves to be broken; the pliable cause themselves to be bound.
Xun Kuang - Those whose character is mean and vicious will rouse others to animosity against them.
Xun Kuang - If the blood humor is too strong and robust, calm it with balance and harmony.
Yahoo Serious - All the jokes in my films, the comedy, they're not me, I just try to hold a big mirror up to us.
Yahoo Serious - In 1905 Albert discovered Relativity, in 1906 he invented Rock and Roll.
Yahoo Serious - While the eyes of the world will be on us let's show everyone that we have a great sense of humour.
Yahoo Serious - I don't know what it means to be out there against the Olympics.
Yahoo Serious - So we have to be careful because if you don't protect your culture you won't have it for very long.
Yahoo Serious - We've got so many stories to tell, you know, we could take on the world.
Yahoo Serious - I support all Australian films.
Yahoo Serious - Hollywood is horrible... it's beyond satire.
Yahoo Serious - It was always easy for me. I was born very rich and lucky.
Yahoo Serious - Making your first feature film is actually impossible.
Yahya Jammeh - My fate is in the hands of almighty Allah.
Yahya Jammeh - Homosexuality is anti-humanity.
Yahya Jammeh - I don't believe in killing people. I believe in locking you up for the rest of your life.
Yahya Jammeh - I will develop the areas that vote for me, but if you don't vote for me, don't expect anything.
Yahya Jammeh - Despite all odds we have emerged as one people and one country.
Yahya Jammeh - I have never seen homosexual chicken or turkey.
Yahya Jammeh - Allowing homosexuality means allowing satanic rights.
Yahya Jammeh - I can cure AIDS, and I will.
Yahya Jammeh - Homosexuals are not welcome in the Gambia.
Yahya Jammeh - When your neighbour's house is on fire, you should help with a bucket of water.
Yair Lapid - I do not deal with threats and ultimatums.
Yair Lapid - As opposed to journalists, politicians cannot make do with questions. They must also offer answers.
Yair Lapid - The State of Israel was not established by anxiety but, rather, through pride.
Yair Lapid - Facts cannot be replaced by opinion.
Yair Lapid - If you want to do stuff, you have to be able to handle controversy.
Yair Lapid - Politics - when it's not cynical, it can be a creation.
Yair Lapid - Israel can't be the only country in the Western world not to have freedom of religion.
Yair Lapid - Yeshivas barely teach any Bible, only Talmud.
Yair Lapid - I studied math, and I was terrible at it.
Yair Lapid - You want private education for your students? No problem whatsoever; pay for it.
Yakov Smirnoff - Men and women are immigrants in each other's worlds.
Yakov Smirnoff - Laughter is the shortest distance between two people.
Yakov Smirnoff - I believe there is a direct correlation between love and laughter.
Yakov Smirnoff - If love is the treasure, laughter is the key.
Yakov Smirnoff - Everybody laughs the same in every language because laughter is a universal connection.
Yakov Smirnoff - I believe that laughter is a language of God and that we can all live happily ever laughter.
Yakov Smirnoff - When the needs of one person are being met by the other, there is laughter.
Yakov Smirnoff - Never having alone time is real tough on people.
Yakov Smirnoff - I like American women. They do things sexually Russian girls never dream of doing - like showering.
Yakov Smirnoff - To my real estate agent, Chernobyl is a fixer-upper.
Yami Gautam - My mantra is simple: work gets you work, and good work gets you good work.
Yami Gautam - It's difficult when your family are not physically around you.
Yami Gautam - 'Sanam Re' is an amalgamation of an emotional love story and a visual treat.
Yami Gautam - When I go out and I see the genuine appreciation from the people, that's a big thing for me.
Yami Gautam - You can't tag me as a regional actress.
Yami Gautam - It's a great opportunity when one gets something new to grasp, and I feel we should just grab it.
Yami Gautam - It's not just about achieving success; the journey is equally important for me.
Yami Gautam - South India has beautiful villages.
Yami Gautam - My career is a journey for me, and any journey is incomplete without the struggle.
Yami Gautam - We all should face some failures in life and learn from them. We should accept it and move on.
Yancy Butler - I think sometimes women who are supposed to be strong are also written as mean and vindictive.
Yancy Butler - I pretty much make time for that weekly manicure.
Yancy Butler - My junior high was dreadful. I see a lot of my fellow alumni on America's Most Wanted.
Yancy Butler - Yancy is actually a Native-American name, but I'm Irish. Go figure.
Yancy Butler - My father used to sing to me in my mother's womb. I think I can name about any tune in two beats.
Yancy Butler - To say I'm the easiest person to live with would be a lie.
Yancy Butler - People just kind of associate me with kicking some ass.
Yancy Butler - My taste in music and entertainment is quite eclectic.
Yancy Butler - I'm just an actress. They try to give me as little information as possible.
Yancy Butler - I think seeing some of the past can be helpful, especially if you're into crime solving.
Yani Tseng - Not only am I constantly seeking better performance but also to be a better person, to be respected.
Yani Tseng - I like to smile. I smile even when I'm nervous since it calms me down and shows my friendliness.
Yani Tseng - I love various sports, including basketball, tennis and billiards.
Yani Tseng - I just want to show the fans my big smile and play the game that I love.
Yani Tseng - You learn from your mistakes, and I think it's a good thing as long as you learn something.
Yani Tseng - I have a fearless but neutral personality.
Yani Tseng - We always learn more from the losing than the winning.
Yani Tseng - I'm still number one, so don't forget about that. So I still can have a happy ending.
Yani Tseng - I hope one day I will host my own charity event to give back to society.
Yani Tseng - I am very happy since when I am in different cities I can experience and learn different cultures!
Yann Martel - I'm looking at a dead event and trying to give it new life. In a sense, I'm a taxidermist.
Yann Martel - I find that movies tend to fix the aesthetics of a story in people's minds.
Yann Martel - Cinema is incredibly concise.
Yann Martel - Words are much better at relating emotions and thoughts.
Yann Martel - The moral of a fable is eternal. The moral of a story is temporary to a story.
Yann Martel - If a film project were available and the timing was right, I might be interested.
Yann Martel - 'Life of Pi' was actually a very simple novel to write.
Yann Martel - I'm happy pretty well anywhere on this big, beautiful planet.
Yann Martel - I'm still learning my craft.
Yann Martel - Any writer will be happy and good only if they know what they're doing and why they're doing it.
Yannick Noah - You arrive at a village, and in this calm environment, one starts to hear echo.
Yannick Noah - In the villages in Europe, there are still healers who tell stories.
Yannick Noah - To take part in this brothel through the payment of my taxes, that had become to me unbearable.
Yannick Noah - In black Africa, one does not strike, one does not express, one walks right.
Yannick Noah - We have a saying in France. A dog doesn't make a cat.
Yannick Noah - Your child is happy. What else could you want?
Yannick Noah - I always traveled. I left Cameroon when I was 11 years old. I lived in the USA, in Switzerland.
Yannick Noah - Cracked was a very short warrior, whereas Marley was a pacifist warrior.
Yannick Noah - Arthur Ashe had been the first black athlete to play Johannesburg at the time of apartheid.
Yannick Noah - People judged my work without to have listened to it.
Yayoi Kusama - Polka dots are fabulous.
Yayoi Kusama - I wanted to start a revolution, using art to build the sort of society I myself envisioned.
Yayoi Kusama - Forget yourself. Become one with eternity. Become part of your environment.
Yayoi Kusama - I, Kusama, am the modern Alice in Wonderland.
Yayoi Kusama - I believe that eyes are very important motifs. That's something that can discern the peace and love.
Yayoi Kusama - I want to become more famous, even more famous.
Yayoi Kusama - I was in the U.S. about 15 years. Especially in New York. And then I came back to Japan.
Yayoi Kusama - I have a flood of ideas in my mind. I just follow my vision.
Yayoi Kusama - I love painting so much that nothing else matters.
Yayoi Kusama - The country of Britain is wonderful because of its royalty.
Yelawolf - I don't sit under the tattoo gun unless I'm sold on it completely and it will define me as a person.
Yelawolf - I do so much music that it's like a fog, and I can't even remember all of it.
Yelawolf - My fans are like no other. Completely original people.
Yelawolf - Yeah, I have animosity, a chip on my shoulder. But I love, too.
Yelawolf - Sometimes I want to party, sometimes I want to fight and sometimes I want to cry.
Yelawolf - This is hip-hop. If you've got something you want to rap about, just rap about it, man.
Yelawolf - Race is still real and you got to recognize it.
Yelawolf - I'm never in the mood to eat or drink when I get to a show. I'm just too nerved out.
Yelawolf - Shady's great; I love Shady Records.
Yelawolf - I'm never scared what people are gonna think about music that I make.
Yevgeny Yevtushenko - Time has a way of demonstrating that the most stubborn are the most intelligent.
Yevgeny Yevtushenko - Envy is an insult to oneself.
Yevgeny Yevtushenko - A poet's autobiography is his poetry. Anything else is just a footnote.
Yevgeny Yevtushenko - I love sport because I love life, and sport is one of the basic joys of life.
Yevgeny Yevtushenko - He who is conceived in a cage yearns for the cage.
Yevgeny Yevtushenko - Justice is like a train that is nearly always late.
Yevgeny Yevtushenko - Poetry is like a bird, it ignores all frontiers.
Yevgeny Yevtushenko - In Russia all tyrants believe poets to be their worst enemies.
Yevgeny Yevtushenko - Only when the sense of the pain of others begins does man begin.
Yevgeny Yevtushenko - Literature has to serve as a moral control of politics.
Yitzhak Rabin - Jerusalem is united, will never be divided again.
Yitzhak Rabin - We do not celebrate the death of our enemies.
Yitzhak Rabin - You don't make peace with friends. You make it with very unsavory enemies.
Yitzhak Rabin - I believe however that peace is attainable regardless of the Arabs mentality, society or government.
Yitzhak Rabin - Israel has an important principle: It is only Israel that is responsible for our security.
Yitzhak Rabin - Give peace a chance.
Yitzhak Rabin - In the midst of fighting there is no place for public debate.
Yitzhak Rabin - The world is no longer against us.
Yitzhak Rabin - It is our duty, to ourselves and to our children, to see the new world as it is now.
Yitzhak Rabin - There's nothing harder than defining oneself.
Yo-Yo Ma - Good things happen when you meet strangers.
Yo-Yo Ma - There's a part of me that's always charging ahead. I'm the curious kid, always going to the edge.
Yo-Yo Ma - One of the things I love about music is live performance.
Yo-Yo Ma - I think that peace is, in many ways, a precondition of joy.
Yo-Yo Ma - My involvement in the political arena is to make sure there's a place for culture.
Yo-Yo Ma - I realized late in life that my twin passions are music and people.
Yo-Yo Ma - I think one of the great things about being a musician is that you never stop learning.
Yo-Yo Ma - People will ask, 'Are you famous?' And I always answer, 'My mother thinks so.'
Yo-Yo Ma - I think anybody who goes away finds you appreciate home more when you return.
Yo-Yo Ma - We may be coming to a new golden age of instrument making.
Yogi Berra - When you arrive at a fork in the road, take it.
Yogi Berra - You better cut the pizza in four pieces because I'm not hungry enough to eat six.
Yogi Berra - Little League baseball is a very good thing because it keeps the parents off the streets.
Yogi Berra - Baseball is ninety percent mental and the other half is physical.
Yogi Berra - You can observe a lot by watching.
Yogi Berra - Love is the most important thing in the world, but baseball is pretty good, too.
Yogi Berra - It ain't over till it's over.
Yogi Berra - I wish I had an answer to that because I'm tired of answering that question.
Yogi Berra - In theory there is no difference between theory and practice. In practice there is.
Yogi Berra - It ain't the heat, it's the humility.
Yohan Blake - I wasn't born with a golden spoon in my mouth. It was a really tough life.
Yohan Blake - For me, I always try to make it to the final.
Yohan Blake - Cricket is my first love.
Yohan Blake - When my coach gives me a program, I damage it.
Yohan Blake - I'm like a beast. I just take it out on the track.
Yohan Blake - When you guys are sleeping at night, I am out there working.
Yohan Blake - I don't need to scare the other athletes. When I'm running, I will scare them.
Yohan Blake - I love London, I love the British people.
Yohan Blake - The track is fast and I appreciate anything is possible.
Yohan Blake - If you can come to the Olympic Games and leave with a medal then that is alright.
Yoko Ono - Smile in the mirror. Do that every morning and you'll start to see a big difference in your life.
Yoko Ono - The regret of my life is that I have not said 'I love you' often enough.
Yoko Ono - Being alone is very difficult.
Yoko Ono - Every moment in our lives is a miracle we should enjoy instead of ignoring.
Yoko Ono - Every drop in the ocean counts.
Yoko Ono - Healing yourself is connected with healing others.
Yoko Ono - A dream you dream alone is only a dream. A dream you dream together is reality.
Yoko Ono - You can't always be in awe of someone's talent, living with them.
Yoko Ono - I thought art was a verb, rather than a noun.
Yoko Ono - When I turned 60, it didn't bother me at all.
Yotam Ottolenghi - Seasonality in winter doesn't have to mean sleep-inducing, stew-like, starchy casseroles.
Yotam Ottolenghi - Pasta with melted cheese is the one thing I could eat over and over again.
Yotam Ottolenghi - Food can bring people together in a way nothing else could.
Yotam Ottolenghi - There is nothing like a good old recipe. If it has lasted, then it is good.
Yotam Ottolenghi - I do support people eating more vegetables. It's a good thing to do.
Yotam Ottolenghi - The way to entice people into cooking is to cook delicious things.
Yotam Ottolenghi - If you can't taste an ingredient, you have to ask yourself why it is there.
Yotam Ottolenghi - Conflict is very much a state of mind. If you're not in that state of mind, it doesn't bother you.
Yotam Ottolenghi - The Guardian's 'Word of Mouth' blog bridges the gap between blogging and serious food journalism.
Yotam Ottolenghi - I have yet to meet a carnivore who doesn't love a sausage roll.
Young Buck - I started rapping when I was about 12 or 13, just playing around with it.
Young Buck - There's really no age limit when you out there in those streets.
Young Buck - Everybody was in struggle, in the grind trying to make it.
Young Buck - I was young and so eager to make some money as well as get exposed and show my talent.
Young Buck - I want the world to get a feel of me, showing them the way I am and the way I get down.
Young Buck - I been doing music my whole life.
Young Buck - Around the age of 14, 15, I was in the studio, serious about it.
Young Buck - I felt like if I wasn't around, maybe my shot would be gone.
Young Buck - It was like an honor thing for me to meet 50 cause I respected his whole story.
Young Buck - With me being form the South, I wanted to make this album like a G Unit.
Young Jeezy - My hustle is nonstop. I never stop hustling.
Young Jeezy - Everyday, all day I have to be productive. And when I ain't productive, I get concerned.
Young Jeezy - You gotta have life your way. If you ain't losing your mind, you ain't partying right.
Young Jeezy - Politics isn't only about government. Politics is about the people.
Young Jeezy - I've got to pay $5 for gas just like everybody else.
Young Jeezy - Anything that looks good makes you feel better.
Young Jeezy - It's not the average people that come to my show.
Young Jeezy - I'm a motivational speaker.
Young Jeezy - I never ever paid attention to any election.
Young Jeezy - I could sit right here and have a 15-minute conversation with somebody and change their whole life.
Young Thug - I hope to be like Bill Gates, bro. With all the money in the world.
Young Thug - It's dangerous to be anybody popular.
Young Thug - I don't do my own Instagram.
Young Thug - I only listen to Lil Wayne.
Young Thug - When it comes to swag, there's no gender involved.
Young Thug - When I was in high school, I had a gambling problem.
Young Thug - Ninety percent of my clothes are women's.
Young Thug - My dad wouldn't buy me tight pants. I had to get my own money to buy them.
Young Thug - I can't remember 16 bars. Unless you write it, you can't. I just do it bar for bar.
Young Thug - I want every Grammy.
Youssou N'Dour - When the slaves left Africa, they left us this music. They left us blues.
Youssou N'Dour - Travel teaches as much as books.
Youssou N'Dour - I love meeting interesting people and doing things with them.
Youssou N'Dour - Islam is a peaceful religion.
Youssou N'Dour - Islam has been badly used by a certain ideology.
Youssou N'Dour - I respect music, I do. I love it.
Youssou N'Dour - I have studied at the school of the world.
Youssou N'Dour - Politics is politics; art is art. If you play a political role, you have to stop being an artist.
Youssou N'Dour - In politics, sometimes you have to lie, or you make a promise that you cannot keep.
Youssou N'Dour - My music is like a spinning ball. It can turn in one direction, and then it comes back to origins.
Yuna - My label understands that I am really attached to Malaysia, that I come home a lot.
Yuna - Embrace the color of your skin and your own beauty.
Yuna - To have a sense of style, it shows you know yourself. People like that.
Yuna - I have a lot of friends who do EDM music; they had to tell me what a 'drop' was.
Yuna - I love my headscarf. I wear my head wrap every day with my hoop earrings.
Yuna - I always put on M.A.C. Prep and Primer before anything.
Yuna - I know how to wrap my turban a little better now. In the beginning, it was a little weird.
Yuna - I'm a Muslim. I don't try to hide it. I'm also a girl who loves music.
Yuna - I like that I don't have to conform to the normal women-in-music-selling-sex-appeal thing.
Yuna - I want girls to know that equality exists in this world. You can do anything you want.
Yuri Milner - I am not an oligarch. I am a servant and I try to align my interests and those of my investors.
Yuri Milner - I have invested in four social networks. More than any other.
Yuri Milner - I have invested in four social networks. More than any other. But that's in Russia and Poland.
Yuri Milner - I'm just focused on exploring new opportunities.
Yuri Milner - My background is in theoretical physics, and it's something very close to my heart.
Yuri Milner - There is huge demand for artificial intelligence technologies.
Yuri Milner - You have to travel globally today to know what's going on and maintain an edge.
Yuri Milner - I'm trying to learn from various corners of the world.
Yuri Milner - Facebook didn't know how successful Zynga would be.
Yuri Milner - Google never knew how successful key words would be.
Yves Behar - Design is a tool that either allows us to create new markets or disrupt existing ones.
Yves Behar - Design needs a new relationship with the world, one that is more focused on our planet's needs.
Yves Behar - My mantra is: 'Good design accelerates the adoption of new ideas.'
Yves Behar - Consumers want products that tell stories, have magic, and inspire.
Yves Behar - If you don't love something, it's not functional, in my opinion.
Yves Behar - Our principal role as designers is to accelerate new ideas and the adoption of new ideas.
Yves Behar - I never felt truly at home in Switzerland.
Yves Behar - Advertising is the price companies pay for being unoriginal.
Yves Behar - Steve Jobs changed my life. He also changed the life of every designer.
Yves Behar - The idea of designing something that is like something else is incredibly uninteresting and boring.
Yves Saint Laurent - Fashions fade, style is eternal.
Yves Saint Laurent - We must never confuse elegance with snobbery.
Yves Saint Laurent - Isn't elegance forgetting what one is wearing?
Yves Saint Laurent - It pains me physically to see a woman victimized, rendered pathetic, by fashion.
Yves Saint Laurent - I'm so secluded. Very alone.
Yves Saint Laurent - I adore America. It's an extraordinary country. A new country.
Yves Saint Laurent - Dressing is a way of life.
Yves Saint Laurent - I am no longer concerned with sensation and innovation, but with the perfection of my style.
Yves Saint Laurent - A good model can advance fashion by ten years.
Yves Saint Laurent - Over the years I have learned that what is important in a dress is the woman who is wearing it.
Yvonne Strahovski - I feel lucky that I got to work with some of the big legends in town.
Yvonne Strahovski - I've always been a very outdoors sort of girl. I'm more a tomboy than a girly girl.
Yvonne Strahovski - I think a man is a man, and a man has a hairy chest, so let that be!
Yvonne Strahovski - If I can't do high kicks or dance in it, then I won't wear it.
Yvonne Strahovski - You definitely cannot please everyone at all.
Yvonne Strahovski - I just love the culture of Melbourne.
Yvonne Strahovski - I'm pretty gross. When I talk I can be gross and crude.
Yvonne Strahovski - I was a tomboy and didn't pay too much attention to my clothes.
Yvonne Strahovski - I guess I am a bit of a traditionalist.
Yvonne Strahovski - I don't know if this classifies as a video game, but I have a terrible obsession with Angry Birds.
Zac Brown - To me, country music has always been the home for a great song.
Zac Brown - Good music makes you feel something.
Zac Brown - When I'm home, I'm Daddy, and everything is completely normal.
Zac Brown - If I hear one more tailgate in the moonlight, Daisy Dukes song, I wanna throw up.
Zac Brown - We can help show data on how much the kids can improve when their home life changes a little bit.
Zac Brown - I'm from Georgia, and everybody gathers around food in the South.
Zac Brown - 'A Pirate Looks at 40,' we had to do that song. I've been covering that forever.
Zac Brown - We always push the boundaries on the styles we put on a record.
Zac Brown - I want to get better every year.
Zac Brown - Every record we do, we do one song we didn't write.
Zac Efron - I've grown up a lot, I'm on my own, and I've learned some valuable life lessons.
Zac Efron - Every day is a new experience and I take it as it comes.
Zac Efron - If I splurge on anything, it's cologne. I love smelling good.
Zac Efron - I want to be a well-rounded, versatile performer.
Zac Efron - I'll never try to put on a fake image. I'm just Zac.
Zac Efron - High School Musical has been a blessing and a gift.
Zac Efron - Working out is my biggest hobby. It's my Zen hour. I just zone out.
Zac Efron - I bought an electric scooter in sixth grade. Bankrupted me.
Zac Efron - A girl can tell I like her when I blush or start telling bad jokes.
Zac Efron - Great advice comes from people that have been around a lot longer than you.
Zac Posen - Fashion is killing women's body image of themselves.
Zac Posen - Listen, I'm not a rich kid. I'm a cultured kid; I'm very rich in culture.
Zac Posen - So many people are following fashion now. It's become fashion-tainment.
Zac Posen - Taking sartorial risks and not following other people is what makes you stand out.
Zac Posen - I'm quite a tuxedo junkie, I collect them all year round.
Zac Posen - Food is everything. Food, friends, family: Those are the most important things in life.
Zac Posen - I am a compulsive and concise shopper.
Zac Posen - I don't believe in one ideal beauty.
Zac Posen - People who devote themselves to a life of style are admirable.
Zac Posen - I am totally unattached to material items.
Zach Anner - Spontaneity is what travel is all about.
Zach Anner - My parents instilled in me a sense of self that I was more than just a diagnosis or a condition.
Zach Anner - When I get real excited, my muscles go into spasm, so they just shake.
Zach Anner - I'd wanted to be famous for as long as I could remember.
Zach Anner - When I was five years old, I auditioned for the role of 'Tiny Tim in A Christmas Carol.'
Zach Anner - The Internet is crazy, and I love it!
Zach Anner - New Yorkers - the people are so honest. If you're sucking on stage, they'll let you know.
Zach Anner - This country is pretty amazing.
Zach Anner - Most people are really dedicated to doing good things.
Zach Anner - Even the most embarrassing mishap can be spun into comedic gold.
Zach Braff - I always encourage over-tipping if you can afford it because... share the wealth.
Zach Braff - I'm putting myself out there in a way I don't know if I ever have before.
Zach Braff - I really like just super dry comedy.
Zach Braff - I have a great relationship with my parents. I have not been on lithium.
Zach Braff - I think I suffer from some mild depression.
Zach Braff - The best way to travel abroad is to live with the locals.
Zach Braff - That image is a couple different people's homes that I knew growing up.
Zach Braff - Gay men in L.A. are all a bunch of tens looking for an eleven.
Zach Braff - Everyone has a warped vision of Hollywood and what success in Hollywood is like.
Zach Braff - I love 'Scrubs.' It's the best day job in the world.
Zach Galifianakis - I am going to be the next Ryan Gosling.
Zach Galifianakis - Inappropriateness is funny to me. Rudeness is hilarious.
Zach Galifianakis - I'm Greek. My body produces feta cheese.
Zach Galifianakis - That show, 'The Amazing Race' - is that about white people?
Zach Galifianakis - Privacy is big for me. To do interviews even, I have a very love/hate with it.
Zach Galifianakis - My real last name is Galifianakisburg.
Zach Galifianakis - My forte is awkwardness.
Zach Galifianakis - American society loves to prop people up and then take them down.
Zach Galifianakis - I would have changed my last name if being famous were my goal.
Zach Galifianakis - Fat jokes to me are always, always hilarious, as long as they're done towards yourself.
Zadie Smith - The library was the place I went to find out what there was to know. It was absolutely essential.
Zadie Smith - There is no bigger crime, in the English comic novel, than thinking you are right.
Zadie Smith - Don't confuse honours with achievement.
Zadie Smith - Your mid-thirties is a good time because you know a fair amount, you have some self-control.
Zadie Smith - The lack of alternatives to an illegal action does not legitimise that action.
Zadie Smith - I'm always a bit suspicious of writers who have the gift of the gab.
Zadie Smith - Like all readers, I want my limits to be drawn by my own sensibilities, not by my melanin count.
Zadie Smith - I often worry that my idea of personhood is nostalgic, irrational, inaccurate.
Zadie Smith - The idea that motherhood is inherently somehow a threat to creativity is just absurd.
Zadie Smith - When I think of the books I love, there's always a little laughter in the dark.
Zaha Hadid - What's nice about concrete is that it looks unfinished.
Zaha Hadid - In hospital, people should be able to have time to themselves.
Zaha Hadid - I have always appreciated those who dare to experiment with materials and proportions.
Zaha Hadid - I always thought I was powerful, since I was a kid.
Zaha Hadid - I am sure that as a woman I can do a very good skyscraper.
Zaha Hadid - I will never give myself the luxury of thinking, 'I've made it.'
Zaha Hadid - Like men, women have to be diligent and work hard.
Zaha Hadid - Would they call me a diva if I were a guy?
Zaha Hadid - My friendships are very important to me.
Zaha Hadid - I'm a pushover. I make allowances for people if I like them.
Zakk Wylde - There's only one Sabbath guitarist and he is the architect for everything, Tony Iommi.
Zakk Wylde - The way I look at it you can always get better.
Zakk Wylde - The tours are campaigns.
Zakk Wylde - It isn't a band. It's bigger than a band. It's a lifestyle.
Zakk Wylde - Since day one my thing has always been to play the music.
Zakk Wylde - You're never going to learn everything.
Zakk Wylde - You never toot your own horn.
Zakk Wylde - We just done doing The Blessed Hellride tour and Ozzfest.
Zakk Wylde - Ozzy has dyslexia.
Zakk Wylde - On the tour we get a case of beer on the bus every day from Ozzfest.
Zane Grey - Love grows more tremendously full, swift, poignant, as the years multiply.
Zane Grey - I am full of fire and passion. I am not ready yet for great concentration and passion.
Zane Grey - What is writing but an expression of my own life?
Zane Grey - I am tired. My arm aches. My head boils. My feet are cold. But I am not aware of any weakness.
Zane Grey - I arise full of eagerness and energy, knowing well what achievement lies ahead of me.
Zane Grey - I will see this game of life out to its bitter end.
Zane Grey - Men may rise on stepping stones of their dead selves to higher things.
Zane Grey - I need this wild life, this freedom.
Zane Grey - Today I began the novel that I determined to be great.
Zane Grey - I can write best in the silence and solitude of the night, when everyone has retired.
Zara Larsson - We're here for a little, little bit of time, and I just wanna make the most out of it.
Zara Larsson - I like to spend as much time with my friends and family as possible.
Zara Larsson - It really is a dream coming true, being on Billboard.
Zara Larsson - I think life is a chain of events.
Zara Larsson - When I was about nine or 10, I was on a few random talent shows in shopping malls.
Zara Larsson - I love eyebrows, so brow pencils and brow shadow are really important to me.
Zara Larsson - I think whatever you love the most is where you should spend your money.
Zara Larsson - If you love attention and have a pretty decent voice, that's a pretty good combination.
Zara Larsson - I've always known that singing was some sort of calling for me. It comes naturally.
Zara Larsson - History is important but... I just wanna sing Beyonce songs all day long in front of a mirror.
Zara Phillips - I'm not a princess anyway so I find that quite weird to be labelled as one.
Zara Phillips - I love the sport and being competitive.
Zara Phillips - Unfortunately in sport it's either good or bad. You've got to take the highs and the lows.
Zara Phillips - I hate having my picture taken.
Zara Phillips - The senior members of the royal family work very hard and I don't think people quite realise that.
Zara Phillips - I'm an affectionate person.
Zara Phillips - You cannot make horses 'safe.'
Zara Phillips - Taking part in an Olympics on home ground is something you dream about.
Zara Phillips - I don't think about the media.
Zara Phillips - I'd love to have kids, but not at the moment.
Zayn Malik - Everything is very black and white for me. I don't really like playing mind games.
Zayn Malik - I am a bit of a bad boy. I have tattoos and I mess around. That's part of my image, so it's cool.
Zayn Malik - I like the term 'misunderstood.' But I am a bit of a bad boy.
Zayn Malik - When people are putting pressure on me I just completely ignore it.
Zayn Malik - I love samosas filled with mincemeat. My mum makes really great ones.
Zayn Malik - I believe that your religion should be between you and whoever your belief is in.
Zayn Malik - I just love comic books. I've always loved comic book art, and I just think it's amazing.
Zayn Malik - I've got three sisters, five aunties, and my mom. It must have had an influence on me growing up.
Zayn Malik - I think people I'm close to find it absolutely crazy that I'm famous.
Zayn Malik - I'm not one to get involved with what anyone says about me.
Zbigniew Brzezinski - We now have the opportunity of giving to the USSR its Vietnam war.
Zbigniew Brzezinski - We need to ask who is the enemy, and the enemies are terrorists.
Zbigniew Brzezinski - We cannot have that relationship if we only dictate or threaten and condemn those who disagree.
Zbigniew Brzezinski - To increase the zone of peace is to build the inner core of a stable international zone.
Zbigniew Brzezinski - In Iraq we must succeed. Failure is not an option.
Zbigniew Brzezinski - American power worldwide is at its historic zenith.
Zbigniew Brzezinski - Eurasia is home to most of the world's politically assertive and dynamic states.
Zbigniew Brzezinski - The 'war on terror' has created a culture of fear in America.
Zbigniew Brzezinski - There's no point considering something which is very unrealistic.
Zbigniew Brzezinski - The legitimacy of the leadership depends on what that country thinks of its leaders.
Zebulon Pike - You have already disarmed my men without my knowledge, are their arms to be returned or not?
Zebulon Pike - Your former Fathers the Spaniards have now no further Authority over you.
Zebulon Pike - The toute ensemble was such as to make polished society blush, when compared with these savages.
Zebulon Pike - Strict justice would demand total confiscation of your property, personal imprisonment and fines.
Zebulon Pike - Smoke the pipe of peace, bury the tomahawk, and become one nation.
Zebulon Pike - On no further occasion present a flag or medal to an Indian.
Zebulon Pike - May Heaven be propitious, and smile on the cause of my country.
Zebulon Pike - In my proper character, I am an officer of the United States Army.
Zebulon Pike - I was informed... that some... were dreaming and wished to return.
Zebulon Pike - If we go to Chihuahua we must be considered as prisoners of war?
Zendaya - I was born an auntie. I have an older niece and nephew and many younger nieces and nephews.
Zendaya - If there's any definition to being perfect, you're perfect at being yourself.
Zendaya - As you grow older, your music begins to mature and grow older along with you.
Zendaya - Let's practice motivation and love, not discrimination and hate.
Zendaya - Fashion is a great thing, it's a way to express who you are.
Zendaya - One of my dreams is to walk down the runway during Fashion Week!
Zendaya - There are so many great things in life; why dwell on negativity?
Zendaya - I love my fashion, so I gotta have my outfits.
Zendaya - People always want to doubt you.
Zendaya - Sticking with your vision and what you believe in is so, so important.
Zhang Yimou - Piracy has destroyed the domestic market.
Zhang Yimou - For over ten years I always had, but I don't speak English.
Zhang Yimou - I must stick with Chinese language films.
Zhang Yimou - To do art, one thing should always remember - subjects of people in misery have deep meanings.
Zhang Yimou - Only people have been through that miserable time will recall the pass from their deep memory.
Zhang Yimou - To survive is to win.
Zhang Yimou - I'm not Ang Lee who knows so much about western market and the taste of western audiences.
Zhang Yimou - Wuxia is a fantasy world exists in everyone's mind.
Zhang Yimou - This is my first wuxia movie and I must consider this before trying to make something with my own.
Zhang Yimou - HERO is a combination of my personal feeling and the commercialism.
Zig Ziglar - Positive thinking will let you do everything better than negative thinking will.
Zig Ziglar - Your attitude, not your aptitude, will determine your altitude.
Zig Ziglar - What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals.
Zig Ziglar - If people like you, they'll listen to you, but if they trust you, they'll do business with you.
Zig Ziglar - Try to look at your weakness and convert it into your strength. That's success.
Zig Ziglar - You were born to win, but to be a winner, you must plan to win, prepare to win, and expect to win.
Zig Ziglar - Positive thinking will let you use the ability which you have, and that is awesome.
Zig Ziglar - Isn't it amazing how much stuff we get done the day before vacation?
Zig Ziglar - Honesty and integrity are by far the most important assets of an entrepreneur.
Zig Ziglar - When you catch a glimpse of your potential, that's when passion is born.
Ziggy Marley - Alcohol, tobacco, and pharmaceutical drugs are legal, but they can hurt a lot of people.
Ziggy Marley - Old music used to mean something. There is none of that today.
Ziggy Marley - I don't have to wait to realize the good old days.
Ziggy Marley - Everyone will someday be judged for what they do, and Jah is the only judge.
Ziggy Marley - No matter the bad things that happened in past time, let's try to live the best we can now.
Ziggy Marley - Love is a positive effect. Love can never have a negative effect, only a positive effect.
Ziggy Marley - God is like the sun. When the sun shines, it shines for everyone. God is for everyone.
Ziggy Marley - I am expressing myself truthfully. That is an important thing.
Ziggy Marley - I don't think we should do anything that should make the people hate the American people more.
Ziggy Marley - I like doing nothing, actually. Doing nothing is better thing when I am not working.
Zinedine Zidane - I have a need to play intensely every day, to fight every match hard.
Zinedine Zidane - The England team must always be respected. They always fight to the end.
Zinedine Zidane - Life is full of regrets, but it doesn't pay to look back.
Zinedine Zidane - I may have had a lot of luck in my life, but I still need to find a challenge in the game.
Zinedine Zidane - Sometimes words are harder than blows.
Zinedine Zidane - The door can never be closed for good to any player.
Zinedine Zidane - I think Marseille is probably a place like Liverpool, very vibrant and very tough.
Zinedine Zidane - It doesn't matter how many times you win an award, it is always very special.
Zinedine Zidane - I have won many awards and I am very happy about this, but I am not the best player in the world.
Zinedine Zidane - Music was important. Football was the easy part.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic - You never forget where you come from.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic - I am a guy who likes those who drive through red lights.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic - I can't help but laugh at how perfect I am.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic - At Barca, players were banned from driving their sports cars to training.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic - People trash talk me.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic - Who is most deserving of all of the money that I, Zlatan, am paid? The answer is Zlatan.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic - I think I'm like wine. The older I get, the better I get.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic - I do not need a trophy to tell myself that I am the best.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic - I'm used to having a camera in my face but not a camera following me.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic - One thing is for sure: a World Cup without me is nothing to watch.
Zoe Foster Blake - An anniversary is a reminder as to why you love and married this person.
Zoe Foster Blake - We live a happy life, and we don't take anything too seriously.
Zoe Foster Blake - Lipstick is always in, whether it's matte, creamy, glossy, and so on.
Zoe Foster Blake - You're allowed to work hard and have good things and do good things.
Zoe Foster Blake - It's important to show each other your marriage is a priority.
Zoe Foster Blake - I'm bad; I wear trainers with everything: with a dress, skirts, all of that.
Zoe Foster Blake - I wish I could do 50 projects a year.
Zoe Foster Blake - I thought I'd have the baby, and get super fit and strong straight away.
Zoe Foster Blake - People are intrigued when they discover you date a footballer - women especially.
Zoe Foster Blake - The morning is always my best time of the day for writing because that's when my head is best.
Zoe Kazan - Nothing's going to come to you by sitting around and waiting for it.
Zoe Kazan - I have mad luck. I'm super-good at games like backgammon or anything that requires rolling dice.
Zoe Kazan - I don't have a lot of patience for boring arthouse movies.
Zoe Kazan - I don't like pretentious films or pretentious people.
Zoe Kazan - I really love people. I love to meet people. I'm curious about people.
Zoe Kazan - I'm klutzy, and I don't embarrass easily.
Zoe Kazan - I always wrote. My parents are writers. It just seemed like something people did.
Zoe Kazan - I never wanted to be a playwright.
Zoe Kazan - I think most actors jump at the chance to do something where the camera's on them all the time.
Zoe Kazan - If I ever feel that acting is just soul-sucking and I don't want to do it anymore, I could stop.
Zoe Kravitz - I'm happy to just sit in a cafe and watch people. It's my favorite thing to do, for sure.
Zoe Kravitz - I get so nervous before I go onstage - beyond butterflies!
Zoe Kravitz - My mother's a... beautiful woman, and I think, in some way, I felt intimidated by that sometimes.
Zoe Kravitz - People love teen movies because everyone can relate.
Zoe Kravitz - I'm a New Yorker; I've paid my dues.
Zoe Kravitz - I feel like most creative people are total freaks.
Zoe Kravitz - I'm pretty much a thrift shop gal. Flea markets on Sundays.
Zoe Kravitz - My dad dated a lot of supermodels.
Zoe Kravitz - I would fly to Los Angeles just for a cheeseburger with pickles and extra tomatoes from In-N-Out.
Zoe Kravitz - My style is very inspired by both my parents, so we all have the same taste.
Zoe Lister-Jones - I'm a big lipstick girl - I'm old school that way.
Zoe Lister-Jones - I love a good massage, and they gotta go deep.
Zoe Lister-Jones - In most movies there is a Prince Charming who rides up and saves the girl.
Zoe Lister-Jones - I think women are really self-analytical in a way that men aren't.
Zoe Lister-Jones - I think all our characters are an amalgam of people we know in our world and ourselves.
Zoe Lister-Jones - Most actors and actresses are performative as people.
Zoe Lister-Jones - I guess actors are very sensitive people. We're porous.
Zoe Lister-Jones - I have a hard time waiting for things to happen.
Zoe Lister-Jones - It's human nature to want to be with other people.
Zoe Lister-Jones - I spent my teens and early 20s shopping almost exclusively at thrift stores.
Zoe Saldana - I'm learning the power of going away for the weekend and keeping myself company.
Zoe Saldana - Glamour is about feeling good in your own skin.
Zoe Saldana - Growing up, my dolls were doctors and on secret missions. I had Barbie Goes Rambo.
Zoe Saldana - I want to be in the small percentage of women who don't settle for conventional roles.
Zoe Saldana - I just want to be part of great stories that are told and for them to be relevant.
Zoe Saldana - Call me crazy - I love elk meat!
Zoe Saldana - The biggest battle that I have is being a woman in the world. That takes center stage for me.
Zoe Saldana - I love wearing men's clothing and underwear.
Zoe Saldana - I love aging. Why would I want to be 21 for the rest of my life?
Zoe Saldana - I want to love life.
Zoe Sugg - It's good for me to do things outside my comfort zone and push myself.
Zoe Sugg - Who knows what will happen in five years' time.
Zoe Sugg - A girl can never have too many lipstick options!
Zoe Sugg - I don't know, the word 'famous' just sounds really weird to me, because I'm just me.
Zoe Sugg - There isn't any amount of money that could tempt me to promote something that I didn't believe in.
Zoe Sugg - Sharing is the essence of social media.
Zoe Sugg - It's so hard not to smile.
Zoe Sugg - Everyone needs help when they try something new.
Zoe Sugg - My life is not perfect.
Zoe Sugg - I have an incredibly high metabolism.
Zooey Deschanel - Summer has always been my favorite season. I feel happier.
Zooey Deschanel - Nothing's better than a picnic.
Zooey Deschanel - I find sadness and strife to be so much more interesting with an upbeat melody.
Zooey Deschanel - One thing I love about Christmas music is that it has a tradition of warmth.
Zooey Deschanel - I just sort of follow my bliss, so to speak, and then I see where that takes me.
Zooey Deschanel - You can't expect to make no effort. You still have to make the effort and be kind and understanding.
Zooey Deschanel - I don't have control over what's on screen, and that's terrifying.
Zooey Deschanel - I love to cook. But I have some food allergies, so I have to contend with those.
Zooey Deschanel - I wish I got invited to more luaus. I really do!
Zooey Deschanel - I like old movies, screwball comedies, vintage clothes, and basically I'm an old-fashioned gal.
Zora Neale Hurston - Research is formalized curiosity. It is poking and prying with a purpose.
Zora Neale Hurston - No matter how far a person can go the horizon is still way beyond you.
Zora Neale Hurston - Trees and plants always look like the people they live with, somehow.
Zora Neale Hurston - Nothing that God ever made is the same thing to more than one person. That is natural.
Zora Neale Hurston - Love makes your soul crawl out from its hiding place.
Zora Neale Hurston - There are years that ask questions and years that answer.
Zora Neale Hurston - Ships at a distance have every man's wish on board.
Zora Neale Hurston - Gods always behave like the people who make them.
Zora Neale Hurston - Sweat, sweat, sweat! Work and sweat, cry and sweat, pray and sweat!
Zora Neale Hurston - People can be slave-ships in shoes.
Zosia Mamet - Comedy arises out of necessity, because some things are so dark that you have to laugh about it.
Zosia Mamet - I am an avid reader! As for writing, I might - someday. But we'll have to wait and see.
Zosia Mamet - A lot of people in line at the grocery store think that they know me, but they don't.
Zosia Mamet - I have quite a foul mouth.
Zosia Mamet - I am a private human.
Zosia Mamet - I don't know if I would call myself a religious human.
Zosia Mamet - I think any actor in their right mind is afraid of getting pigeonholed.
Zosia Mamet - I would have been miserable in college. I always hated school.
Zosia Mamet - I grew up backstage and on movie sets, and I thought they were the most magical places on Earth.
Zosia Mamet - I miss my horse. He's in Los Angeles.
Zsa Zsa Gabor - Being jealous of a beautiful woman is not going to make you more beautiful.
Zsa Zsa Gabor - A man in love is incomplete until he has married. Then he's finished.
Zsa Zsa Gabor - I pay all my own bills... I want to choose the man. I do not permit men to choose me.
Zsa Zsa Gabor - I want a man who's kind and understanding. Is that too much to ask of a millionaire?
Zsa Zsa Gabor - I am a marvelous housekeeper. Every time I leave a man I keep his house.
Zsa Zsa Gabor - I call everyone 'Darling' because I can't remember their names.
Zsa Zsa Gabor - I love to put on diamonds and beautiful evening gowns and make my girl-friends upset.
Zsa Zsa Gabor - You never really know a man until you have divorced him.
Zsa Zsa Gabor - I know nothing about sex, because I was always married.
Zsa Zsa Gabor - I think I'm very old-fashioned.
Zubin Mehta - I'm a Persian Jew, and we don't speak Hebrew.
Zubin Mehta - Music is the message of peace, and music only brings peace.
Zubin Mehta - Rock music is predictable, unless there's great talent involved.
Zubin Mehta - I love rap because it talks about pain that comes authentically from the ghetto. It moves me.
Zubin Mehta - One shouldn't know the future.
Zubin Mehta - I believe in music.
Zubin Mehta - I think conductors do spend too little time with their orchestras.
Zubin Mehta - My temples are only in India. When I am in India, I go to the religious ceremonies.
Zubin Mehta - I am jealous of all those people who live on the shore of Dal Lake.
Zubin Mehta - I'm a pucca Indian. Bombay is my home.
